The Mac connectivity is good as far as bluetooth goes, but at the moment this doesn't include iSync support.
Harald bluetooth was a Danish king who unified Denmark and Norway in the 10th century.
If your laptop has bluetooth and your phone does too, you're on easy street.
Rumours that the bluetooth systems of cars are at risk from infection from mobile phone viruses have been debunked.
As mentioned however, you can exchange information with any other bluetooth enabled device.
It has built-in WiFi and bluetooth, as well as a touchpad as its pointing device.
In the future, cell phone users will be able to use bluetooth to telephone at home via fixed-line networks.
Geotagging is now possible via bluetooth, using compatible GPS devices to append coordinate data to the images.
Techies will also love the MP3 player, bluetooth connectivity and Java-powered games.
Elsewhere during the Hangover technology beanfeast, we understand that HP's own demo of bluetooth was similarly rotten.
You can use bluetooth, infrared or insert your memory card into the appropriate slots.
They also showed that on-board systems ignored the bluetooth traffic generated by an infected mobile phone.
With a bluetooth wireless connection, it is even possible to run a presentation from a mobile handset without the need for a laptop.
It involves sending anonymous text messages to other phones via bluetooth short-range radio.
Some printers and digital cameras can connect to computers wirelessly using bluetooth.
The key application for bluetooth is generally notebook to cellular phone connectivity.
A high speed urban wireless network based on bluetooth is launching this week in Manchester.
Does anyone know how I can bluetooth ringtones from my BlackBerry to another phone?
bluetooth allows a device to stay in an undiscoverable mode, where a device does not respond to inquiry scans.
My wife came home with a new Motorola cell phone with bluetooth, which uses radio links to transfer data.
Equipped with this software and a suitable bluetooth antenna, it is possible to connect to cars that have an unsecure bluetooth hands-free unit.
The software sits on top of the standard bluetooth protocol stack to provide a better user experience, Sony said.
If the mobile telephone operator neuters bluetooth on the Motorola V710, it means the phone won't work with BMW, Acura, or Lexus automobiles.
bluetooth allows mobile devices to communicate with one another, at a range of about 30 feet.
Driving that growth was the increasing installation of bluetooth into mobile phones.
Songs can be transferred to the handset using a USB connection or the phone's integrated bluetooth link.
The communicator will support multimedia card and bluetooth for connectivity.
Some PDAs and notebooks will offer only Wi-Fi or bluetooth, but the vast majority will offer both.
The company is to develop and supply bluetooth technology for use in Compaq notebooks and desktops.
Laws requiring hands-free phones in automobiles are speeding the adoption of bluetooth.
There are many ways in which you can fit a bluetooth hands-free phone kit in your car and link it to your stereo system.
With the phone's bluetooth capability, one can also print e-mails or images directly from the handset.
It plans soon to ship a bluetooth version of its one-handed FrogPad keyboard.
Unlike the PowerBooks, they do not ship with Wi-Fi or bluetooth as standard.
bluetooth allows gadgets such as palmtops, printers and cellphones to communicate over the air at 1 megabit per second.
With my PC and a bluetooth card, I can poll all the bluetooth devices in range, and listen out for any broadcasts they make.
An eavesdropper can use the program to identify nearby devices that use the bluetooth wireless protocol.
You can use bluetooth to communicate wirelessly with a compatible bluetooth headset or to use an optional wireless keyboard.
This entry brought to you courtesy of bluetooth and my mobile phone.
Users will be able to hook up the e550 to a wider range of third-party gizmos that include bluetooth wireless transceivers, GPS locators and digital cameras.
The cup then connects through low energy bluetooth technology to an accompanying iPhone or android app.
bluetooth takes its name from Harald Blatand, the 10th-century Danish king who cudgeled neighboring Viking chieftains into unifying Denmark and Norway.
Lewis-Kraus talks about writing the entire first draft of his book on his phone with a little foldable bluetooth keyboard.
An optional bluetooth adaptor is ideal for camera phones, too.
The Decoy also comes with a built-in removable bluetooth earpiece, so you're less likely to lose your BT headphone and risk not looking like a douche.
The handset offers the usual USB, infra-red and bluetooth connectivity.
A raft of specialist hardware ranging from dedicated net phones to bluetooth enabled headsets are appearing on the market.
As an example, here are images of the panes of a computer using a standard USB keyboard and mouse, and one using a bluetooth keyboard and mouse connection.
bluetooth is a specification that describes how computers and devices like mobile phones can easily interconnect with each other using a short-range wireless connection.
It has a good selection of optional accessories including a bluetooth headset and the loop set that allows you to use the phone with a suitable hearing aid.
There's also integrated bluetooth, which can be used to connect to other Zodiacs for shared whiteboard applications, messaging, and wireless multiplayer gaming.
When Haakon was in Denmark, Harald bluetooth forced him to accept baptism and assigned him clergymen to take to Norway to spread Christianity.
With each offering a 'modern day keepsake' to take away, in the form of a designed bluetooth message.
As attested by the Jelling stones, the Danes were Christianised around 965 by Harald bluetooth, the son of Gorm.
It lacks the little boom microphone jutting mouthward that many bluetooth headsets have, and it more easily hides under hair.
It came under Danish king Harald bluetooth in the middle of the 10th century.
Receivers can interface with other devices using methods including a serial connection, USB, or bluetooth.
He warred with King Harald for some time, until he was forced to flee to Denmark and Harald bluetooth.
After this, Haakon Jarl ruled Norway as a vassal of Harald bluetooth, but he was in reality an independent ruler.
Of all the peculiar terms you may encounter in techdom, bluetooth is one of our favorites.
We are vaguely employed and have bluetooth devices attached to our heads.
Standard kit for the SZ3 will include six airbags, ESP, air-con, alloy wheels, DAB radio, CD, USB, bluetooth and remote central locking.
The Easy Riser product lineup includes a Nano Wireless Mouse, a bluetooth Wireless Mouse and a USB Retractable Wired Mouse.
A practice called bluejacking similarly pushes text or pictures to other bluetooth devices.
Shut down bluetooth in public to guard against Bluejacking or Bluesnarfing.
Xiaomi in addition expanded its range of accessories with a range of colourful range of mini bluetooth speakers and a pocket selfie stick.
A coin-sized bluetooth transceiver in the vest feeds the electrodes with a 10 microamp current.
Today, bluetooth wireless technology is most often used to facilitate a hands-free car phone system.
This pair of bluetooth cans from soundcard makers Creative are an updated version of the firm's well-regarded WP300 headphones.
SuperTooth, headquartered in France, is the world leading manufacturer of bluetooth speakerphones and portable accessories.
SuperTooth, headquartered in Nebias, France, is the world leading manufacturer of bluetooth speakerphones and portable accessories.
It also features 'Tap and Play' near field communication connectivity and support for advanced bluetooth codecs, it added.
The Vacuum Tube Soundbar integrates a vacuum tube amplifier into a soundbar and can connect to a TV set via bluetooth.
Personal Area Networks, or PANs, use bluetooth technology to create a short-range connection between various devices.
These latest earbuds take a similar high-end approach, this time with the added convenience of bluetooth connectivity.
Tech Dynamic today introduced the VoiceClip 604, a stylish bluetooth headset that features an in-line microphone and magnetized earpiece.
According to later sources, the town was created as a royal foundation, either by King Harald bluetooth or his successor, Svein Forkbeard.
You need to connect a bluetooth adaptor to your phoneline, however.
Other new features include push-start buttons, automatic climate control, touch-screen audio with bluetooth, iPod and USB compatibility, and a leather-wrapped steering wheel.
Standard equipment on the Astra VXR includes FlexRide adaptive damping, DAB, USB, bluetooth and LED tail lights, plus a whole raft of visual and interior power dressing.
The discreet bluetooth earpiece syncs with one's smartphone and allows phone calls without having to pull one's phone out of their pocket or purse.
Using a new patent-pending solution developed by Ossia engineers, existing Wi-Fi and bluetooth antennas can perform double duty as both data and Cota wireless power receivers.
With the S you get leather, bluetooth, air-con and heated front seats, which for pounds 14k makes it one of the cheapest and best specced pick-ups.
Expect a much greater integration of mobile consumer electronic devices such as the iPod, the MP3 player or USB sticks into the vehicle with bluetooth being the key enabler.
Samba can connect to external devices via bluetooth or telecoil.
Ghost Car races can be played asynchronously with a remote friend, while 5 local Wi-Fi players and 3 local bluetooth players can duke it out in real time.
Named the Caddy Match, it is available until April 30 and adds the likes of air-con, bluetooth, trip computer, electric windows and cruise control over the standard model.
Queen Margrethe II can trace her lineage back to the Viking kings Gorm the Old and Harald bluetooth from this time, thus making the Monarchy of Denmark the oldest in Europe.
German and French records support that Harald bluetooth was baptised.
In Denmark he conspired with Harald bluetooth against Harald Greycloak. 
Otto's army met the armies of King Harald bluetooth and Haakon Jarl the ruler of Norway under the Danish king, at Danevirke, a great wall near Schleswig.
The larger stone was raised by his son, Harald bluetooth, to celebrate the conquest of Denmark and Norway and the conversion of the Danes to Christianity.
Cordless Presenter uses bluetooth Human Interface Device Profile.
Harald bluetooth, Gorm's son and Cnut's grandfather, was the Danish king at the time of the Christianization of Denmark, the first Scandinavian king to accept Christianity.
Sick of bluetooth headsets making you look like a Mondeo-driving salaryman en route to a sales show in Nuneaton?
This 120W system from emerging Taiwanese firm Evolve shakes up the soundbar concept somewhat with bluetooth trickery and an enticing price tag.
The budget friendly LX-10 bluetooth headphones feature high quality metal casing and the latest bass enhancing technology.
Dubai A policeman has been charged with abusing his power and walking away with a bluetooth earpiece from the Duty Free at Dubai International Airport.
