Here, we draw together recent data on diverse centriole movements to decipher common themes in how centrioles move.
With these data as a foundation, a lineation based simply on the 8- syllable, 3-stress lines has produced a poem of exactly 62 lines.
The raw information was processed and placed into a database so the data could be accessed more quickly.
For example, a program that loads data from a file needs to handle the case where that file is not found.
Each function is represented as a mixture of actual observations or functional archetypes, which are a mixture of observations in the data set.
It is best to define the variables within the data division before writing the procedure division.
Census data provides eight nominal rather than 25 real wards, all of varying size and population.
The data indicate that acquiring EU status raises earnings for the workers by giving them the right to freely change jobs.
Here, we use data from FMDV serology in an endemic setting to probe strain-specific transmission and immunodynamics.
To store immense amounts of valuable data on one hard disc is courting trouble.
Table I gives the typical and champion data for attenuation of these fibres at different wavelengths.
Diagnosis of arthrofibrosis and frozen shoulder remains difficult and the self-reported data included pain, as well as stiffness.
Available compositional data for magmatic epidotes suggest no significant solid solution beyond the epidote-clinozoisite binary.
A decimate tool allows us to obtain a more coarse-grained view of the data over the full n-dimensional space.
Each authority has at least one dedicated central source from which data can be downloaded or ordered.
If a copy constructor is not defined, a memberwise copy is performed. This means that a copy operation is applied to each data member in turn.
Export data tend to be less volatile as exporters tend to be more technologically advanced and have stable production flows.
The Moorland Indicators of Climate Change Initiative was set up in 2008 to collect data on climate change in the area.
Experian have their large data centre at Fairham House south of Ruddington, with two others in Texas and Brazil.
This may have been true, as much of Scandinavia was pagan at the time, but there is no data to corroborate the assertion.
This was determined by examining the isotopic data from the European mammoth teeth.
Precipitation can be approximated from coastal weather data and air temperature from water temperatures.
Wheeler said companies already are flaunting the rules by offering free or sponsored data services for some products.
The first DWORD of a chunk data in the RIFF chunk is a four character code value identifying the form type of the file.
Using three-dimensional seismic and well data from the northern North Sea, we describe a large body of sand and interpret it as extrusive.
One advantage of asymmetric cryptography is that you can exchange data without sharing the ability to read it.
No customer personal data will be retained unless it is rendered anonymous.
Several published data sets have been collected to evaluate the occurrence of a first flush of pollutants from urban watersheds.
A characteristic of a field. A data domain specifies a data type and applies the minimum and maximum values allowed and other constraints.
Compare that to a desk potato whose gaze is focused on the screen, inputting data into QuickBooks or Excel.
The data indicate that the individual was closely related to present North American Native American populations.
Modern understanding therefore mostly depends on the physical data from archeological sites.
For Wales, there is data on the Welsh language and population data on unitary authorities.
I was horrified but my data was OK. Then, it saw it open my e-mail package and start to mail my friends. I turned the power off.
To demonstrate safety and effectiveness, human trials always have to confirm data obtained from animal testing.
The industry also includes software services, such as training, documentation, consulting and data recovery.
Where data is broken down by geographical area, this is usually done by the areas defined in the ONS geographical coding system.
Consequently, unexpected or incomplete data or occasional errors or disputes about its analysis can also attract considerable attention.
Eurostat data shows the GDP of Inner London to be 232 billion euros in 2009 and per capita GDP of 78,000 euros.
Key data and facts about the region are produced by the South West Observatory.
Nuclear tests were nationally televised, and data on systems, kilotonnages, and weapons were published by major American newspapers.
In 2012, the directory formed the data backbone of Christmas Near You and in 2014 was used to promote the church's Harvest Near You initiative.
The maps look distorted when compared to modern maps, because Ptolemy's data were inaccurate.
The first part of the Geography is a discussion of the data and of the methods he used.
Such a teleological view gave Aristotle cause to justify his observed data as an expression of formal design.
Contradictory data from archaeology and genetics will most likely deliver future hypotheses that will, eventually, confirm each other.
Rather, it is the way Pekka needs to get his arms around the data before making up his own mind.
This statement is supported by in-vitro experiments data where extracted forisomes responded to application of aphid salivary compounds.
Client-side validation of data is dangerous because the client might be malicious.
It took years longer than proponents had hoped, but wireless data is ready for prime time.
You can collect a metric buttload of data about user activity on your site without too much effort.
Listing 7-11 shows an example where the initial data type is string, but I will obtain its value as a bool.
Aaron badged into the data center and escorted Geoff inside the large room with its many blinking green lights.
The error indicates that we cannot typecast and modify data of an autoboxed variable.
This linear dependence has not been applied in data analysis since the discovery of the shadowing and antishadowing effects.
Several scouts antevolated the main column to ensure its security by gathering reconnaissance data from the terrain ahead.
The computer program systematizes the data and enters it into a table.
The latest version, EMM2015, includes data from The European Space Agency's Swarm satellite mission.
Neither data set provided evidence for an increased encephalisation index compared to other wrasse species.
Some data suggest that fat deposition at ectopic places correlates with the metabolic syndrome in Asian Indians.
Nesting data from dispersers and nondispersers came from the same set of colonies and were thus directly comparable.
These data can then be used for diachronical studies using SVI methods of field monitoring.
Although our data cannot help explain why this occurs, we infer that microfluctuations in accommodation contribute to VA instability.
The IBM 2301 Drum Storage provides random access storage of approximately 4 million bytes at a data rate of 1.2 megabytes per second.
The second section consists of financial data and news about companies and markets.
For England and Wales the ONS provides the access to primary data via its 2011 census site.
Anthropologists such as Daniel Miller and Mary Douglas have used ethnographic data to answer academic questions about consumers and consumption.
Census Bureau's estimate for July 1, 2016 was 3,411,307 people, down substantially from the 2010 data which had indicated 3,725,789 people.
Population data including data for males and females for the United Kingdom and revised estimates England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
When related to other data sources such as housing or agricultural censuses, or sample surveys, the data becomes even more useful.
It is harder to judge the contribution of women to research, as the data for 2013 only cover the higher education sector.
Multiple Ajax requests can be handled at the same time, and users can interact with the page while data is retrieved.
Babbage did calculate actuarial tables for that scheme, using Equitable Society mortality data from 1762 onwards.
The LSE supplies its participants with real time prices and trading data creating the transparency and liquidity through several services.
Next to SIPRI there are several other sources that provide data on international transfers of arms.
For example, data on Agriculture, Fishing and Forestry comes primarily from the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
In the United States, inventory data on sheep began in 1867, when 45 million head of sheep were counted in the United States.
Irrigation is helpful in advancing the sowing data of the summer crops which guarantees an early yield in the period of food shortage.
Once written to a disk file the data becomes persistent and it will still be there tomorrow when we run the next program.
The pole of data processing of the Recife, Digital Port, despite having started in 2000, is one of the five biggest in Brazil.
Whatever the symptom, lag is a drag. But what causes it? One cause is delays in getting the data from your PC to the game server.
Both of the Voyager probes have left the Solar System, bearing imprinted gold discs with multiple data types.
A splitter or microfilter was installed near the demarcation point, from which a dedicated data line was installed.
Thus, several approaches were used to convert polling data and other information into seat predictions.
Climate data for 56 places in the province is available from Environment Canada.
They included data for the North East of England as an area more similar to the devolved areas than the rest of England.
These areas do not overlap with constituency boundaries to get reliable data for election purposes as well.
Another pertinent distinction in Rubin's missing data classification system is whether the missing data mechanism is ignorable.
However, at some ACCs, air traffic controllers still record data for each flight on strips of paper and personally coordinate their paths.
The data collection method is to count every person resident in Namibia on the census reference night, wherever they happen to be.
However the most useful source of chronological data is German words cited in Latin texts of the late classical and early medieval period.
In some cases, a large amount of inconsistent data over time may lead to total abandonment of a model.
We have processed the data using our proven techniques, and have come to the following conclusions.
Cannon Technologies next to the railway in the west of New Milton make computer ancillary equipment and data centres.
This was a new venture for him in the sense that never before had he collected the raw data for a new regional map.
Our data suggest that a large part of the regression associated with the deposition of the SS is not primarily controlled by glacioeustasy.
Corpus linguistics has generated a number of research methods, which attempt to trace a path from data to theory.
Real-time photographic data from orbiting satellites could permit geosurveillance.
The data indicate that this event occurred not earlier than the last third of the 10th century BCE and most probably during this time.
The resource valuation incorporates the examination of data in the context of potential mining feasibility.
Additional navigational data were probably also supplied by local maritime pilots, Arab records, Indian records, and earlier Chinese records.
One way this is visible is from data on church marriages during the 19th century.
The general mass of navigational data were processed into different kind of charts by a cartographic office.
The transcriptome data were confirmed by catabolome analysis, expression of periplasmic proteins and phenotypical analysis. 
The data also show that there have been genetic exchanges between Asia, the Arctic and Greenland since the initial peopling of the Americas.
Until we have a system clearly established, entering more data is just busy work.
Even microfossil data can be unreliable if there are hiatuses in the fossil record.
The data include measurements from both the original tree plantings and subsequent beat-ups.
Moreover, the best data from elsewhere in the world do not show evidence for this superchron.
Only when data were plotted on a map did it become apparent that remarkably regular and continuous magnetic stripes appeared on the ocean floors.
Despite the huge number of wounds seen in clinical practice, there are limited quality data for evaluated symptoms and signs.
Our proposed definitional approach to the data processing-communications dilemma evoked considerable discussion.
For lossless data delivery, we show that the buffer occupancy can be significantly reduced via fully antipacket dissemination.
However, these data should be interpreted with caution, as only early anticoagulatory effects were assessed.
The intensity of a storm can be predicted for any return period and storm duration, from charts based on historic data for the location.
Scholars rely on archaeological data and written records from settlers from the Old World.
The data was obtained from a collaboration between the Province of Drenthe and the University of Groningen, subsidized by the Gratama Foundation.
The technology allows data to be transmitted by cellular phones.
However, in addition to disabling the billing fields, we are also prepopulating them with data from the shipping fields.
Together, these data indicate that entolimod is a highly promising potential life-saving treatment for victims of radiation disasters.
