Did the airline file a flight plan that took account of the weather en route from Surabaya, Indonesia, to Singapore?
Under the ACA, adults without minimal essential coverage will be charged a penalty when they file their tax return.
My lawyer said the court's decision wasn't correct and that we should file for an appeal.
In marching by double file, four abreast, etc., elbows touch and no lagging should be allowed.
The executability of the file would depend on compatibility with the updated hardware.
Department of Justice to file suit against New Haven for antitrust violations.
If the defendant chooses to file an answer within the time permitted, the answer must address each of the plaintiffs' allegations.
Peter had four barramundi and Rosie had three turtles, a possum and a fat file snake.
We now focus on the system's reaction to the sudden popularity of a single file. This phenomenon is also called the flashcrowd effect.
This technical distinction is important to determine where to file a lawsuit and how to serve a defendant.
Under the new procedure, rather than having to file separate actions, a plaintiff needed to file only one civil action.
The executives attend meetings in exotic locations while the rank and file stays at headquarters doing the bulk of the work.
When the flat file became unmanageable, we switched to a proper database system.
The original file was corrupted, so they had to reenter the data.
This list is necessary so Apache can set the right HTTP headers when a certain file is requested.
In these early years, milling was often viewed as only a roughing operation to be followed by finishing with a hand file.
North created one of the world's first true milling machines to do metal shaping that had been done by hand with a file.
Most commands in a wordprocessor are undoable and redoable, but saving a file is not.
However, William did not file for a patent on his modified process, and sometimes claimed his father's patent.
For example, a program that loads data from a file needs to handle the case where that file is not found.
I waited for the modems to finish their handshaking so I could start transferring the file.
Note. After the device downloads its new configuration file, we can test placing a call on hold and the generic hold music will be heard.
Ellis opens a file from his stack. In 1991, he says, Pfizer wanted to test the safety of what came to be known as sildenafil.
Check inside each file carefully to make sure nothing slips through the cracks.
filer appliances also offer programmatic snapshotting and cloning at the block-level or file system-level.
WinHelp enables you to add authorable buttons to a Help file. Authorable buttons run macros, so you can use one to do anything a macro can.
The multigenerational families throughout Australia file off to the footy every Saturday afternoon be it Aussie Rules or Rugby.
In a few moments he stamped upon the floor, the doors flew open and a file of musketeers entered.
If the firmware cannot locate a booter file, you will see a flashing folder icon with a question mark.
A double file of camels with sumptuous housings moved with dignified and unhasty tread after the litters.
You can use this shortcut to undelete a deleted file or to unmove something.
Until noon, the hour of the funeral, crowds continued to file by the plain pine coffin on its plain flower-covered catafalque.
Not too long ago, most mailstores consisted of a single text file per user containing the user's messages concatenated together within that file. 
Special Branch, the intelligence division of the Metropolitan Police, maintained a file on Orwell for more than 20 years of his life.
If you md5-summed the file it would always be the same everywhere, and it was always in the same location.
The first DWORD of a chunk data in the RIFF chunk is a four character code value identifying the form type of the file.
The most common is that two players hold hands and make an arch with their arms while the others pass through in single file.
He was completely underqualified for the job, so I put his resume directly into the circular file.
As the second yacht club to file a challenge, the Royal Swedish Yacht Club assumed the duties of the challenger.
The officers of the infantry were from the upper classes and aristocracy, while the rank and file were made up of poor agricultural workers.
Any file with an error or warning on it will be added to this smart group until the next compile.
If a manual inspection reveals that the transaction is suspicious, the institution should file a Suspicious Activity Report.
But just because the court freed them was not reason enough for the police to close the case file as lamentably and condemnably as they did.
The correspondence file relating to the Stoppard bust is held in the archive of the Henry Moore Foundation's Henry Moore Institute in Leeds.
The correspondence file relating to the MacDiarmid bust is held in the archive of the Henry Moore Foundation's Henry Moore Institute in Leeds.
In 1958 MacLeish hired Thurman Arnold, a prestigious lawyer who ended up charging no fee, to file a motion to dismiss the 1945 indictment.
Under the new regime, all workers must file a weekly report.
A complete historical file of the digitised paper, up to 2010, is online from Gale Cengage Learning.
By the end of 2009, the California DMV had 26,555,006 driver's licenses and ID cards on file.
Over time slaves gained increased legal protection, including the right to file complaints against their masters.
So far we had done nothing except file past a tool-dump, where men had collected picks, shovels, coils of wire and corkscrew stakes.
British returns in 1783 listed 43,633 rank and file deaths across the British Armed Forces.
Here is a more complicated example in which we upload a text file to an IBM mainframe through a direct linemode connection.
Initialize lemmatizer by providing dictionary file. If unknown, leave as non lemmata not found.
The only other problem is that there's a nagging tendency for the highlight to overrun when cursoring through file lists.
On 27 June, Morgan concluded the One Wales agreement with Plaid Cymru, and it was later approved by the Labour party rank and file on 6 July.
My record of complaints about your business is on file with the Better Business Bureau.
Through machines' capacity to store and forward, the packet of information or file can sit wherever it is until the machine is able to onsend it.
A comma-delimited file has commas as the delimiter, separating each field of the file.
Zooey suddenly turned around, opened the medicine cabinet, replaced his nail file, and took down a remarkably stubby-looking orange stick.
The respondent may accept the Court's jurisdiction and file its own memorial on the merits of the case.
When the company failed to file its financial statements, it was delisted by the Stock Exchange.
Once written to a disk file the data becomes persistent and it will still be there tomorrow when we run the next program.
The defendant must, if not admitting the claim, file a defence which has substance.
She asked Denise for the court file, which she fussed from her handbag. The woman perused it briefly and then beamed up at me.
That's because the file for a physible is effectively the recipe for making the final object.
The common people, who comprised the rank and file of the army, the peasants and artisans, might have been called capillati in Latin.
Displaying images on a form is very simple with a picture box. Just set the image property to a file on your hard drive.
The crusaders again took the city on 13 April 1204, and Constantinople was subjected to pillage and massacre by the rank and file for three days.
The common soldiers, anxious about his health, were granted the right to file past him as he silently waved at them.
The muster file, rotten and sound, upon my life, amounts not to fifteen thousand poll.
The prefiling box is a small box about the size of one in which 100 file folders are packed.
To view a file for which there is no previewer installed, save the file to disk and open it with the appropriate application.
We packaged the deliverable, a program called FLOOD.EXE, in an installer file.
Start with the bindings, then the fin, and as a last measure, take out the file or sandpaper to dial it in.
The EEOC and state FEPAs investigate, mediate, and may file lawsuits on behalf of employees.
Their integration into the imperial army was causing concern and resentment among the rank and file, who feared losing their volia and their participatory institutions.
A file with the read-only attribute set cannot be overwritten.
As the MP4 container can store audio, video, or both, the M4A naming and file extension is used to hint that this MP4 container holds solely audio information.
The ones which cause me the most trouble are various garageware sound file editors. One of them will crash Win2K if I run it and run an ascii editor at the same time.
