But this year, the cover image has been leaked, unveiling that Kate Upton has won the accolade for a second year straight.
He came back from death, not as a spooky, Star Warsy, flickering, ghostly image but in real flesh and blood.
Such a distortion is impossible to correct for without knowing the details of the lens used to capture the image.
As a result, the pelican came to symbolise the Passion of Jesus and the Eucharist, and usurped the image of the lamb and the flag.
The heraldic pelican also ended up as a pub name and image, though sometimes with the image of the ship Golden Hind.
The meme presents an image of a certain situation, to which a certain group would respond in a typical way.
The image below is a schematic block flow diagram of a typical natural gas processing plant.
The multiple reflections are analyzed mathematically for pattern changes with multiple passes creating a computerized synthetic image.
By repeated scanning, bats can mentally construct an accurate image of the environment in which they are moving and of their prey item.
Achilles' shield, crafted by Hephaestus and given to him by his mother Thetis, bears an image of stars in the centre.
Canada's peacekeeping role during the 20th century has played a major role in its global image.
Clara's cultural cache soon gave way to Betty Boop, the iconic cartoon flapper created partly in her image by animator Grim Natwick.
In the Southern Hemisphere, the direction of movement is clockwise because the rotational dynamics is a mirror image there.
Radiometric dating of lava flows has been used to establish a geomagnetic polarity time scale, part of which is shown in the image.
Radar imagery forecasting techniques show higher skill than model forecasts within six to seven hours of the time of the radar image.
The most iconic image of Columbus is a portrait by Sebastiano del Piombo, which has been reproduced in many textbooks.
The image of Boyle's Equipment shows some of the exotic tools used by Boyle during his study of gases.
The image of Dalton's journal depicts symbology he used as shorthand to record the path he followed.
The compressibility factor image illustrates how Z varies over a range of very cold temperatures.
The delta wing image clearly shows the boundary layer thickening as the gas flows from right to left along the leading edge.
Using a thermal image of the skin temperature, note the temperature distribution on the surface.
Already at 18 months, most human children are aware that the mirror image is not another person.
A Petroglyph is an intaglio abstract or symbolic image engraved on natural stone by various methods, usually by prehistoric peoples.
Paradoxically, followers of rock music have often mistrusted the world of fashion, which has been seen as elevating image above substance.
Rolling Stone later colorized the image, matching it with other pictures taken at the festival before using the shot for a 1987 magazine cover.
Under a settlement reached in July 1995, Al Hendrix prevailed in his legal battle and regained control of his son's song and image rights.
A 4th century Roman mosaic discovered near Hinton St Mary contains what is generally accepted to be an image of Christ.
The shield shows an image of Carisbrooke Castle, which was the historic seat of many island governors.
The largely rural life in early New Zealand led to the image of New Zealanders being rugged, industrious problem solvers.
This practice not only reinforced the negative, nomadic image of RV travelers, it was a detriment to expanding the trailer market.
The term petroglyph should not be confused with petrograph, which is an image drawn or painted on a rock face.
Both types of image belong to the wider and more general category of rock art or parietal art.
Some of these reliefs exploit the rock's natural properties to define an image.
An image of excess weight may have symbolized a yearning for plenty and security.
The difficulties of photoheliography consist principally in the rapidity with which the sun's image acts upon the sensitive film.
A work of art, for example, can transfer a message from the creator to the viewer and share an image, a feeling or an experience.
Displaying images on a form is very simple with a picture box. Just set the image property to a file on your hard drive.
Following independence, the government of Ukraine began restoring the image and usage of Ukrainian language through a policy of Ukrainisation.
The title of Romulus was associated too strongly with notions of monarchy and kingship, an image that Octavian tried to avoid.
Mainz had been a wine growing region since Roman times and the image of the wine town Mainz is fostered by the tourist center.
One example of an image is how an individual views a novel after completing it.
Effectively, the idea of the image is a primary tool for ethnographers to collect data.
Odoacer was careful to observe form, however, and made a pretence of acting on Nepos's authority, even issuing coins with his image.
Detailed tests of image sensors are raw meat for performance-obsessed pixel-peepers.
Since the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the internal and external evaluation of Germany's national image has changed.
Whether Sallust is considered a reliable source or not, he is largely responsible for our current image of Rome in the late republic.
The image of the shepherd combines the themes of leadership and the responsibility to supply food and protection, as well as superiority.
Many intaglio prints have a plate mark a distance away from the printed image.
A similar image may be projected by petting farms and by historic farms that offer farmstays to paying visitors.
He is credited with having sent a mission in 538 to Japan that brought an image of Shakyamuni and several sutras to the Japanese court.
The controversy over the massacre was linked to disputes among German nationalists about the image of Charlemagne.
Sometime after the wedding, Philip is said to have seen himself, in a dream, securing his wife's womb with a seal engraved with a lion's image.
The Tree of Life and the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil in Genesis present two aspects of the same image.
The image of a human being suspended on a tree or a cross locates the figure at the axis where heaven and earth meet.
The Renaissance image known as the Vitruvian Man represented a symbolic and mathematical exploration of the human form as world axis.
The viewer is then introduced to a coalescing of nature and the universe which lends new perspective to the original image.
If an image of SM exists in mainstream culture that is not pornonormative, badass topping is likely it.
Cadamosto emphasized the central role of Prince Henry, and was instrumental in building up the image of the Navigator Prince for posterity.
The sole possession remaining to Ojeda was an image of the Virgin Mary, which he had carried with him since he left Spain.
One careless gesture, word, or movement caught and blown up over TV could destroy a carefully contrived image of presidentiality.
The Demarcation Line is often confused with 38th parallel, but as can be seen in the image of the map, the two are not the same.
The father's presence and image, together with those of the mother, form the raw material of the primal scene.
The image became the standard for many later maps throughout the 17th century and intermittently into the 18th century.
The freezing period varies from year to year as shown in the satellite image to the right.
By 2.2 we see that this is a full, contravariant imbedding, and by 2.3 the image of A in is a generating set of small projectives.
This has helped to create an image of the Spanish conquistadores as cruel in the extreme.
There, Hidalgo affixed an image of the Virgin to a lance to adopt it as his banner.
Abstract concepts or words that do not bring a distinct image to mind are difficult to associate.
Would marriage somehow put a crimp in your image as a beautiful, successful and single newscaster?
Phyllis Wheatley was a black poet who popularized the image of Columbia to represent America.
In effect, the nation states reconstituted the lex mercatoria in their image.
Despite a public image of unflappable calm, Macmillan was by nature nervous and highly strung.
From the start of his premiership, Macmillan set out to portray an image of calm and style, in contrast to his excitable predecessor.
Like student strikes, a hunger strike aims to worsen the public image of the target.
Earlier, it was often associated with the image of huge work force living in a captive township.
During the 19th century the popular image of the war in the United States was of an American victory, and in Canada, of a Canadian victory. 
He made a being in the image of the gods that could have a spirit breathed into it.
There was a slight delay while the program rerendered the image in its new perspective.
The relatively unimpressive image of these plants, as well as their small, low growth, makes them difficult to protect.
This contrasted sharply with the solemn image created in Casabianca as Hemans wrote it.
Like the several reverberations of the same image from two opposite looking glasses.
Certain fringe ecologists are quite as reversionist in their thinking, and reach even farther back for their image of the good life.
The legend is almost certainly medieval rather than ancient, although the town's coat of arms carries an image of the saint.
Donisthorpe's patent for a camera to capture the moving image pre dated Le Prince's by twelve years.
In Vice President Al Gore's campaign to change his robotic image, nothing may have helped more than the big smooch.
Tubulointerstitial fibrosis areas were semiquantified using image J software and expressed as a percentage of the total area.
To ensure consistent sizing for all images, you should give each image in the skybox the same pixel width and height dimensions.
The people in the family are alive and dynamic and change whereas the snap shot is a fixed image of how they appeared in the past.
Many toy trains based on steam locomotives are made, thereby making the image iconic with trains to children.
Many historians credit Baird with being the first to produce a live, moving, greyscale television image from reflected light.
The fallout from the accident clouded BP's corporate image because of the mismanagement at the plant.
The Church teaches that everyone, being born in God's image, is called to theosis, fulfillment of the image in likeness to God.
God made the world and all its creatures with men and women made in His image.
The image on the 2007 series of banknotes is based on the portrait by Henry Raeburn.
Nasmyth had come to know Burns and his fresh and appealing image has become the basis for almost all subsequent representations of the poet.
The image on the reverse of a medal varies according to the institution awarding the prize.
His image conveys the way that a core musical idea is altered, varied and distorted as the piece of music progresses.
The album's jacket image of a topless pubescent girl was deemed controversial in the United States and was replaced by a photograph of the band.
With the departure of the founding members, the band made several small changes to their image and sound.
Along with the tour sellout, the Spice Girls licensed their name and image to Tesco's UK supermarket chain.
