The discretion must be for the purpose for which the donee of power, the repository of power receives the discretion.
Extensive repository supplements have turned the online journal into the complete version of AJRCCM, and the paper copy is simply an abridgement.
Maple Leaf Gardens has been our town square and remains a repository of our dreams and past glories.
Here is the junkyard, not as a repository of useless and discreet things, but as the living space of the working artist.
We believe that the gallery's main function should be as a repository of British art.
Her next task was to find a museum repository for her late husband's private art collection, a visual document of his enthusiasms.
I often say to students, the skip behind an art college is the repository of the ugliest objects on earth.
Subsequently, the building was occupied by Communist authorities, used as a repository by Prague Museum and taken over by Marxist-Leninists.
This repository allowed locally connected computers to retrieve updates significantly faster while offering greater package management.
There is an internet repository for your courses, should people feel the need to download them.
Uptime is crucial when running any type of server whether it is a file repository, HTTP web server, or a simple SOHO server.
Smiths comes to grips with the complicated issues of the South being the repository of the African American past.
They argued that the royal privy council was the sole repository of good government.
Instead, we should see architectural residue from the past as a repository of vast physical, human, and cultural energy.
The ocean has long been our repository for ideas of the monstrous and the unknowable.
He's the repository of our common history, and by that right, grand patron of the Bicentennial.
These data may indicate ancillary information associated with the document indexed at the original repository.
The train journey from London to the North is described not just a train journey but as a repository of stories and anecdotes.
In addition to being a lending library it is today a repository for hundreds of historical photographs.
I'm thinking the timeout scheme is too annoying unless my software repository automagically releases code after the timeout period.
The devices can be used as a repository for large multimedia files, and to store backups of critical data as well as disk images.
For Native peoples the earth was special, the dwelling place of manitous and spirits and the repository of the bones of generations of ancestors.
The museum itself is a repository of geologic, geographic, and biologic detail on the park.
It transcended its use as a cracker repository when it became the home of a blind tiger establishment.
This can replace analog tape and film libraries, acting as a centralized repository for moving pictures, music, video and graphics.
They traced a path to a repository on the far side of the room, a row of bright, neon green cubes.
They hadn't gone to college, and they saw Father Mark as a repository of knowledge and culture and sophisticated humor.
His desk drawers served mainly as a repository for napkins, bromides, and paper clips.
The basic building block is a centralized mail repository, a place where users go for all their messages.
Thirty-one detailed points of concern have been raised by the Bord in respect to peat excavation and its containment in repository bunds.
The classics, it is generally agreed, are a repository of class vanity, racial prejudice and pedantic obscurantism.
Apparently one of the shots had hit the main fuel repository, and just as the crews were oiling up their machines.
The museum is a repository of Swahili culture and on display are artifacts, dhows, jewelry and crafts.
The whole thing can now be done with a single pass, using a single repository and that's a big boon.
Numerous readers responded to the call recognising that this repository is one of the key centres of the labour movements' collective memory.
It serves as a central repository to cross-check information and look for fraud.
There now exists a vast repository of images that make it harder to maintain this kind of moral defectiveness.
Even our soaps, once the repository of working-class stories, have undergone a process of embourgeoisement.
And in the body, that repository of desire, diasporic exile is used to unleash eroticism's transformative possibilities.
Another role of the bard was as the repository and interpreter of the history of the people, a vital social function that maintained communal solidarity.
In a similar spirit, you might not expect to find an impressive repository of underground art and comics in a place that most city folks would consider the middle of nowhere.
Through the fate of the one truly literate character in the novel, Thady's son Jason, the novel implies that writing offers no safe repository of title.
The electorate's hope that his Cabinet would prove a genuine repository of positive change was the one slim reed on which the Party's recent political legitimacy had rested.
Will books continue to be our main repository of culture and history, or will they vanish with developing technologies, replaced by virtual pages?
Nobody could object to the way in which the cases were carried from the elevator and set upon stanchions at the repository.
Where items need to be transported to and from the repository they should be in appropriate containers designed to limit exposure to environmental factors and handling damage.
The library was so enormous that it was too large for any repository to digest and was therefore sold off over several years.
The records can also be indexed in various ways simultaneously to ensure instant retrieval of files even in a repository the virtual size of the Grand Canyon.
This is not just a nuclear power reactor, but a repository for highly radioactive spent fuel rods from two other nuclear plants owned by Progress Energy.
Skateraw could become an outstation of the National Galleries, both as the repository of the archive and as home to new temporary shows and possibly to a sculpture park.
And yet that just contributed to the local lore of the state as a repository for rugged Americana.
In addition to serving as a searchable repository for research evidence, the database permits clinicians to enter their findings of articles into the database.
The Port River has been the repository of industrial waste for over a hundred years and the accumulative effect on local flora and fauna has been disastrous.
If you put a page of paper on a copier, the copier will associate it with similar documents in your personal repository, in your work group's, or even on the Web.
Goeritz's museum was not a repository of objects, but a living entity in which every wall, window, hallway, and courtyard was used for various activities.
Over the years, the Craig's bought 180 Hibel paintings and would later help found the Hibel Museum in Florida in 1977, a permanent repository for her art.
How this orientation necessarily conflicts with the basic mandate of the museum to be a repository for its permanent collections is the realization that haunts these writings.
Cache stores frequently used data in a repository close to the chip's execution units so that it can be processed faster than data stored in memory.
The results of this study suggest that hospital fabrics such as drapes, scrub attire, and personal clothing may act as a repository for enterococci and staphylococci.
A repository of the empire, the town bears a suitably idiotic, unwieldy name, and even in 1950s Armidale it was possible to hear such terms as bluchers, port and goolies.
There are wider definitions of a national library, putting less emphasis to the repository character.
There are wider definitions of a national library, putting less emphasis on the repository character.
A few of the local authorities and schools had also never accessed the repository, and some of these institutions were unaware of its existence.
The university's research outputs, many of them free to download, can also be found in the university's institutional research repository.
After being inspected for external contamination, the steel cylinder is stored, usually in an underground repository.
Sellafield has several radioactive waste stores, mostly on an interim basis while a national waste repository plan is developed and implemented.
The repository contains more than 7,200 meters of core, from every ocean and sea, and many other samples.
Because they are of extreme value as the repository of knowledge, there are cultural taboos against sacrificing elders.
Anyone or anything suspended on the axis between heaven and earth becomes a repository of potential knowledge.
The mountains to the north of Mossel Bay are an important repository of South African rock art.
Kaspersky Lab has added an additional 14,031 decryption keys to the free repository noransom.
According to EU requirements and decisions of the Bulgarian government, Bulgaria has until 2015 to build its own nuclear waste repository.
It objectizes every element on every screen and stores these objects in a repository.
Only the new data elements are stored, along with pointers to all of the existing matched data elements that were already in the repository.
Rat L6 myoblast and mouse 3T3-L1 fibroblast cells were procured from cell repository of National Centre for Cell Science.
It holds in itself a repository of the cultural and social heritage of the country.
During the First World War, the theatre was requisitioned by the Ministry of Works for use as a furniture repository.
It also served as a repository of several ecumenical councils such as the Council of Nicea, Council of Ephesus, and the Council of Chalcedon.
The Aerometric Information Retrieval System is the national repository that contains information about airborne pollution.
At its most basic, a wiki is a repository for class documents such as syllabi or a resource list.
When integrated, the UDO Archive Appliance acts as a transparent storage repository for Enterprise Vault.
Underpinning its portfolio, however, is Project Commorant, a central repository currently in development that cuts through all these aspects.
Frequency and distribution of GJB2 and GJB6 mutations in a large North American repository of deaf probands.
It is argued here that the question of the constitutional repository of the authority to terminate treaties is, indeed, a justiciable issue.
Properties relate subjects to objects according to the resource and value types existing in the repository.
The city also hosts the repository of the country's printed and recorded cultural heritage and other literary and information resources, the National Library.
The area formed a traditional repository of immigration from Scotland.
A national library is a library specifically established by the government of a country to serve as the preeminent repository of information for that country.
Configurable content mapping from the connector to a P8 CM repository. 
As it happens, though, a few simple tricks with style sheets and HTTP redirects allow an OAI repository to stand alone as an independent Web application.
With its diglot form and its content of Kaytetye history and culture, the book is certainly a repository of information for the younger generation of Kaytetye.
In this latest version the decollated reports and relevant information are stored in a central repository prior to delivery to their final destinations.
The OKFN Brand repository is critical for the Open Data movement.
