All other auxiliaries are reclassified based on the type of service provided, such as warehousing and storage or data processing.
The awning, a huge tunnel tent affair, has remained in its storage space under the seat.
The agronomical importance of cereal seeds is based on their accumulation of storage products, mainly starch and proteins.
But here, the storage space is maximised with a built in rail and an ingenious shoe racking system.
We also planted a wildflower and herb garden in the enclosed yard and constructed a storage shed.
The room's alcoves ensure that plenty of storage units could be installed without creating a cramped feeling.
A storage ring has the same components as the main accelerator but with fewer klystrons.
While DVD-RAM for proprietary storage jukeboxes may be a viable prospect, the technology is losing ground in the optical standards race.
In the computer realm, magnetic recording is used on floppy disks, hard disks and magnetic tape as the main method for data storage.
A pair of storage vendors this week were all aflutter after inking large distribution deals for their products.
The long built-in bench next to the fridge offers extra storage and an out-of-the-way spot to sip a juice box.
storage space abounds inside with the new fascia boasting a central lidded storage box plus two glove boxes on the passenger side.
Two-bedroom units have one en suite bathroom while some also feature storage rooms and walk-in wardrobes.
Decorated in deep yellow with a large feature stencil, it has a walk-in wardrobe with fitted storage.
It is fitted with floor and eye level cupboards, with a spacious walk-in pantry providing additional storage.
There is access to an extensive walk-in storage area that stretches the length of the room.
Entrance is through a spacious hallway with recessed lighting, oak flooring, a walk-in storage closet and a security intercom.
At the back of the hall steps lead down to an open area with a walk-in laundry cupboard and understairs storage.
This area includes a walk-in understairs storage facility and a cloaks closet.
Each apartment has oceans of storage, including a walk-in hallway cupboard.
The room has a built-in wardrobe and storage cupboard and ceiling access to an attic storage area.
Companies that specialize in cold storage warehousing have been working on solutions to help dairy processors meet their changing needs.
I escaped fairly lightly, purchasing only rattan baskets, wardrobe storage solutions and a plastic colander.
Wroughton farmers are to turn two old grain stores into a modern warehouse for storage and distribution.
It is fitted with traditional pine presses with further storage available in the adjoining utility room.
Bulk quantities of spices can be accommodated in a storage system that will hold these items in large containers.
These issues are moving the limits of storage from its technological limit to its practical limit.
Two steps lead down to the kitchen, a bright room floored in quarry tiles and with polished wood presses providing plenty of storage.
Heavy infestations of acarid mites indicate that storage conditions are too damp or dusty.
Because it takes so much effort to accelerate particles for an experiment, many accelerators have storage rings.
The large bathroom lies further along the hall, past a sizable storage cupboard.
Still another advantage of consolidated storage is that the centrally located data can be accessed from other computers.
I've been using Zip compression to compact files for storage and transmission for longer than that.
New tape drives and MTC storage systems will have innovative features to reduce access time and increase performance.
I've already used regular washi to save an old shoe storage unit and now it's so much cheerier.
His pride and joy will be sitting bobbing about on its mooring happy to be released from its winter storage, itching to get its decks japped.
The group was being pushed into a storage room just off the washrooms, and Cole wanted to see where it went so she could work out her escape.
Removing manure from the building to an outdoor storage can also reduce odor and gas accumulations.
How about a storage system that can withstand the ravages of constant change?
The embryo enters a quiescent stage, accumulates storage compounds and acquires desiccation tolerance.
Sheep heads, rams' testicles, udders and jelly from the feet were all prepared for storage.
Stored this way, fish from the tropics will last quite some considerable time in cold storage, at least five days.
Dams less than 10 feet in height and having a storage capacity of not more than 50 acre-feet of water.
This opens up large chunks of available storage, yet users probably won't fill their total quota right away, if ever.
The sheepherder went over to his storage hut and brought out one bale of wool.
The voltage required to properly recharge a storage battery varies with battery temperature.
He has consulted at most of the storage ring projects around the world, many of which have installed Halbach design undulators and wigglers.
Shuttered cupboards across one wall provide ample storage while louvered doors at the back of the room conceal a kitchenette.
The myriad types of storage media included reels, chips, strips, cylinders, and sheets of tape or film.
The neat property of this attack is that the capacity of this storage mechanism scales at exactly the same rate as the data stream's rate does.
Most weeks, at least one round trip to the cold storage plant is made, with from one to four reefers.
Her potting bench, attached to one end of the shed, offers additional tool storage plus a convenient work surface.
Personakey's Touch Open locking storage cases and safes are nothing short of amazing.
By the 1920s a state-subsidized system of grain elevators, silos, and storage at railheads helped to ease the cycle of glut and scarcity.
This was originally a warehouse for the storage of ice, owned by Swiss Italian entrepreneur Carlo Gatti.
Among the new interior convenience features are roof-mounted rails to support storage bins and a DVD entertainment system.
The kitchen has an Aga range, wooden shelves and storage spaces throughout.
On the small foredeck there is an anchor windlass and anchor storage as well as excellent access for handling ground tackle and bow lines.
To allow for just-in-time storage, an enterprise volume manager program will be needed to manage the volume size.
Both black and grey water is siphoned into a storage tank, where it is mixed, and then put into the bio-reactor.
I recommend them because they stay rolled up for storage and they cushion you without bunching or slipping.
The Dell range of products includes personal computers, workstations, laptops, file servers, storage devices and, recently, printers.
In that role, HP paraded Elias about as part of an aggressive storage push at the company.
We ordered ours ready-made from a storage supplies catalog, but you could cover plain ones purchased from a crafts store.
But the car shows its age with a distinct lack of storage space and frustratingly fiddly stereo controls.
The completed items would be kept in storage for as long as necessary, brought out to be washed and aired occasionally, and jealously guarded.
They were made from second-hand jute burlap and scraps of fabric pulled from ragbags and storage bins.
The flash memory controller is used to control data access and specify an address of data storage.
As mentioned earlier, ganging storage devices together as a striped storage pool can greatly enhance performance.
Drugs can modulate the activity of the sympathetic nervous system by affecting the synthesis, storage, release or reuptake of noradrenaline.
The Pearl Harbor has the same design as the Ashland, but has a shorter well deck and has much greater vehicle storage space.
Researchers also hope to create a tank design that could be adaptable to any type of solid-state hydrogen storage.
In Sri Lanka it has one factory, 116 retail outlets, five wholesale markets and several storage facilities.
If petrol storage is not controlled the city may eventually face problems such as air pollution.
All of life in its visual form seems to be represented in this cavernous loft space, and there are even more workrooms and storage to the rear.
Some suppliers make their own just-in-time daily deliveries to Boeing's storage areas.
The catalogue is also packed with wicker and sisal baskets for storage or waste paper.
He had packed his chute himself before it was put into storage at the airfield ready to be used two days later.
Once a node reads data from storage, that data may remain in cache for some period of time, to accelerate future calls to that information.
Watermelon ice cream loses its taste after three days, and pineapple ice cream leaves a bitter aftertaste after seven days in storage.
The tower contained a single apartment above a storage chamber, reachable only through a trapdoor.
Sharon and Jane say they would normally suggest putting items into storage or packing them away in readiness for moving house.
Much of that scrap, he explained, was lead plate recovered from industrial storage batteries and was not auto battery scrap.
He had gone down and packed it all up and had it put in storage until the day would come that he could move it all up to its new location.
Antioxidants added to the fat at the time of storage prevent the occurrence of rancidity.
On this level there is a wine cellar, toilet, cloakroom and coal store as well as additional storage space.
The B-52Bs replaced the 95th's B-36s and the unit was active until 1966 when its aircraft were flown to Davis-Morithan for storage and scrapping.
The weather near a continental arid zone is modified by increasing the heat storage of the seas westwardly of the arid zone during the summer.
After yesterday's post on safes and storage, we heard a snippet on Radio 4's You and Yours about the history of valuables storage.
One hatch covered the spare wheel well, the other a small storage area.
With the introduction of newer virtual-storage technologies, system administrators can dynamically assign, reassign, and allocate storage resources in real time.
Summers said the woman told him she was working at a storage unit when she ended up at the convenience store.
This has a sink unit, various storage presses and a walk-in wine cellar while a side door leads to an enclosed yard with a patio area, boiler house and fuel store.
A new fitted kitchen with timber framed windows overlooks the rear of the property and one of the two bedrooms has a walk-in cupboard providing generous storage space.
Most grain mold pathogens become associated with the kernel in the field but can grow within the colonized kernel and even spread to adjacent kernels during storage.
After storage, thick transversal sections were made with a razor blade.
Firefighters were able to remove all the undamaged furniture and personal effects of the occupiers to a safe storage area before making the property safe and weatherproof.
Alternatively, you can simply backup these packages to an external storage medium when reformatting your computer so you can quickly and easily update the machine.
The old storage barn, however, was the one that really delighted us, for most of the tools were still there, piled high on shelves and crammed into the aisles between shelves.
Compounding the conundrum further is the fact that many cellphones allow direct access to information in remote cloud storage.
