The difference between the expected value and the certainty equivalent is the risk premium for the gamble.
The leone had collapsed to a tenth of its previous value against the dollar.
The silkworm is a lepidopteran insect with a long history of significant agricultural value.
The more the building can be organized into discretely reusable components, the more value those elements will have in the future.
Why sell cheaply, if their petrol inventory is about to climb 10 per cent in value?
Since hitting the floor last year, its value has steadily climbed again in line with a general recovery in the sector.
The company's shares had climbed steadily in value over the preceding two months to a historic high at the end of the year.
This is based on an analytical relationship between the expected value of the estimator and its real value.
None of these thoughts are total cures or solutions, but I hope there is some value in them.
Their value and purpose would be undermined if the security was always defeasible on a transfer of his reversion by the reversioner.
Nationalism is often defined as a conservative, anti-feminist value, a kind of public enemy for women.
Long-term incentives and capital accumulation are heavily leveraged and tied to the creation of shareholder value.
To be sure, debt carries significant tax benefits, is cheaper than equity, and provides more value to stockholders in a leveraged buyout.
Most of the couples probably value marriage more than the average heterosexual couple because it's been denied them.
They had to fight against the corporate parasites up top and imperialism abroad to retain the value they produced.
These difficulties aside, there is value in gathering the many examples of ancient uses of poisons, germs, and incendiaries into a single study.
These payments are not indexed for inflation, which will erode the value of the payments.
But one has to be aware of the rhetorical value that these terms are going to have.
Animals like tigers, rhinos and elephants are hunted for the high mercantile value they attract in the international markets.
However, net wealth is the value of our total assets less our financial liabilities.
Teachers of history, political science, Latin American studies, or liberation theology will value this book.
We have adopted the value of individual liberty from the Western societies, without learning their manners.
His marketing and management skills are focused on land value appreciation.
The table used for massage brought from Kerala has antique as well as medicinal value since they were made of trees with medicinal value.
Maybe all that early web-site material will have historic and antique value.
Having discovered the origin of surplus value Marx was able to resolve one of the major problems upon which the Ricardian school had stumbled.
The more we give up belief in life after death, the more we want to value this life, and its experiences.
For example, the exponent b in the rate functions of the expressions in Eq. 5 was assigned a universal value.
But that won't happen unless facility executives are educated about the value of rightsizing and the importance of whole-building design.
Look out for objects made of lignum vitae, a heavy rose-coloured hardwood, but shop around to get a sense of value before buying.
Whatever their aphrodisiac qualities, oats or porridge have real nutritional value.
The bird nests are wrongly believed to have aphrodisiacal value and removed.
In summary, apitherapy was conformed to have therapeutic value in sows with oligogalactic syndrome postpartum.
The 1950s recordings have been in limbo until recently, boasting neither modern sound nor superlative sentimental value.
No doubt he is right, although perhaps its value to the plaintiff is slightly more limited than Mr Short appeared to acknowledge.
Your magazine has been of great value to me in selecting vacation destinations, cruise lines, and ships.
An elevated white blood cell count has a low predictive value for appendicitis because it is present in a number of conditions.
We show that the type of host lipid determines not only the absolute value but also the sign of the gating charge.
A user's card then contains their private key and a certificate, signed by the card issuer, to confirm their public key value.
This is because their appestat tells them to keep eating because the food in their diet lacks nutritional value.
I'm aware that one is not supposed to send anything of value by courier and if one does do so, it's at one's own risk.
For example, if the appoggiatura is written as an eighth-note, then the appoggiatura should take an eighth-note value from the main note.
With these fundamentals being sustained, the exchange value of the RMB is expected to remain stable.
We then calculated the average absolute value of these discrepancies across all the group members who appraised that participant.
As in most American taxing jurisdictions, the assessor first appraises the separate market value of land and buildings for each taxable parcel.
Also, the ability to appraise the value of a dot-com brand name is still developing.
Consultants have been promoting the sale of government businesses rather than systematically appraising the value of those assets.
He said the property measured about 1,300 square meters, but the government had yet to appraise the value of the land and the house.
So many people define their lives by vanity purchases which have no real appreciable value.
Again, her achievements have even greater value when one appreciates that she has had asthma since she started training.
Some of the modern ones appreciate in value, but it is often difficult to sell modern issues for a quick profit.
Those with an eye for profit will be buying new packaged items likely to appreciate in value.
All that having been said, my own guess is that the euro will appreciate in value.
Furthermore you can expect an original work to appreciate in value whereas a print is far less likely to.
It's time to look at properties that can save time and appreciate in value.
Savvy moves by Asia's newest leading ladies helped their currencies appreciate in value.
That Ming vase can sit in your study for five years or more before you see its value appreciate substantially.
Paying attention to the home front can produce precious property value appreciation.
The theory is that over time, you end up paying less for a stock while reaping the benefits of its appreciation in value.
Rent plus the annual appreciation of land value equals annual interest cost.
I am contemplating divorce and want to know if, under Texas law, my wife is entitled to any part of the home's appreciation in value.
We ask the first question in order to apprise the value of further study of Neptune effect.
In spite of this, they seem to have completely forgotten this principle when they fail to apprize the value of the Wordless Scriptures.
To apprise the value of the contrast agent, it must be compared against a standard.
In medical design, approachability, intuitiveness, ease of use, and strategic value are the most critical aspects, he explained.
After road-testing the backpack version I give this product a big thumbs up for ease of use, value for money, reliability and effective security.
Book value represents a rock-bottom price for the concrete things a company owns, and Eley sees that as a good value gauge.
Since absolute value judgments are necessarily arational, anything can be called absolutely good and anything can be seen as a cause of guilt.
Companies also become vulnerable when they no longer clear the hurdles for initial inclusion, such as market value and trading liquidity.
Any value difference should generate arbitrage profits and the elimination of the divergence.
If a lot of people pursue a value strategy, value opportunities will soon be arbitraged away.
On Arbor Day schoolchildren planted trees to learn the value of reforestation.
If you have to go to court, because of the high value an ornamental tree can have, make sure you have a good lawyer and a good arborist.
Books of educative and literary value are kept in libraries for prisoners having an academic bent of mind.
This Memorandum outlines and explains the methods by which the value for duty of printed or lithographed matter of paper is determined.
The new religions exalt secular saints, enforce dogma, punish heretics, value self-sacrifice, and sanctify writings.
You're left with a neat little philosophical exercise in trying to assess the true source of its value.
Anyone with knowledge of livestock and pedigree cattle will appreciate their true value.
Economists would now argue that this is no less justified than the labour theory of value.
A living language both accumulates new words of value and preserves what is old and of value. 
Women who attended the group many years ago were there to show that they were living proof of the value of the Women Awake initiative.
The real value of the argument from design is that it takes us to the frontier of science and metaphysics.
It is this sort of people and not rootless metropolitan babblers who value and indeed venerate the Queen.
This practice arose with the change in value of the preceding vowel at the time of the Great Vowel Shift, after which the final e fell silent.
When the current value detected by the current detector exceeds a predetermined value, power supply to the load is stopped using a breaker.
The median value is regarded as the average, because rare extreme morphologies influence the arithmetic mean.
But we would urge people to use their loaf when parking and make sure they don't leave anything of value on display.
Their economic value was measured in lobolo, usually in the form of cattle.
It means rescuing Britain from mid-Atlantic ambiguity and locating it within the European value system of public welfare and social solidarity.
When found, the cell name label is changed to match the value in the current spreadsheet at the same location.
On maturity, investors will receive either the final value of the bond or the highest lock-in value, whichever is greater.
After all, the arrears of rent were quite small compared to the alleged value of the inventory.
The Indian gem industry cuts and polishes 60 per cent of world's rough diamonds by value and 80 per cent of rough diamonds by volume.
Thus, using this value is a bit like rounding off your own weight to the nearest hundred pounds.
Gurus like Wally Olins preached the value of making your strategy visible through symbols, logotypes, colors and typefaces.
None the less it is possible for a student to buy art that will hopefully appreciate in value.
During the fifty plus years of his working life he saw the reputation and value of the modern art he admired rise.
But what artificial intelligence did show was the value of rules-based technology.
Most of the abused prisoners had no military intelligence value, Special Agent Worth said.
They also said the study makes no mention of the value of intelligence collection and the need to reward cooperation with lesser sentences.
