As with any unclassified film, video or DVD, the Tamaki DVD had to be sent to the Film and video Labelling Body in Auckland for rating.
video games have been used as a form of physiotherapy or occupational therapy in many different groups of people.
video games join action figures, trading cards and plush toys as summer movie tie-ins.
For teens, the video Zone game room, with 20 machines, adjoins the busy Garden Cafe.
video has a place on blogs, especially in reporting about tsunamis and other events that are dramatic and not abstract.
video footage helps the controller navigate the robot and negotiate tough volcanic terrain from solidified lava flows to loose scree and rocks.
video and sound for the documentary are nothing to get excited about, but do the job.
Speaking of awards ceremonies, it appears that the ARIAs are about to be one-upped by the MTV Australia video Music Awards.
Fox Home video is also set free for producing the best special edition discs of all the major studios.
One of the most telegenically accessible figures on the planet, her promo video clips were compiled on The Complete Woman In Me video Collection.
video compositing software is used by motion picture studios to combine special effects or animation elements into film sequences.
video footage of Mr Waite taken before the trial showed his difficulty in walking and his necessity to use a walking stick at all times.
video content piped into homes through the Internet does not face the spectrum constraints of broadcast television.
video quality is uniformly solid, though some videos are overly bright, with some examples of minor edge degradation and color bleed.
video footage of her killing has made her into a symbol of the struggle for democracy, which this year spilt over into violence.
If you elect for the software option which most people do, then, as previously said, it takes a lot of processing power to decode DVD video.
Anyone who comes in and fills out a questionnaire will get a free video rental from video Solutions.
video games may have started out as a distraction for kids, costing just a quarter at the neighborhood arcade.
Deals with Blockbuster, Hollywood video, pay cable, broadcast television and other ancillaries are also tied to theatrical release.
Finally, a collection of studio trailers highlight currently available and future releases from BBC video.
video shows the moment when lightning struck a wind turbine during the so-called weather bomb on Wednesday.
Sound and video clips are played in from computer servers rather than Tape machines and record decks.
video footage can be an extremely useful tool in helping the police track down criminals.
video offers convenience and the highest market penetration for its medium.
video system processing performance is improved by its increased output timing margins and reduced jitter.
video remixes were just too complicated for the available technology, but anyone could sample, scratch, cut and cross-fade audio files.
video and audio footage of Jackson's arrest is released backing up the statement.
The douche bags shot to stratospheric heights of superstardom, and I cringed every time I turned on Saturday Morning Live or video Hits.
video stores also developed the policy of renting video players along with the cassettes.
I do not fault BFS video for this, as the aforementioned problems seem to stem from the original master.
But an interest in modes of storytelling led her to attend FAVA's 2001 video Noodle House, a beginner's course in videography.
video quality is, in my opinion, harder to assess for animation than it is when dealing with live action.
video has always articulated itself as the negative inverse of television, the conscience of television, as Avital Ronell once put it.
video takes a lot longer to produce than photos, but I think I am going to try and start posting video clips on a more frequent basis.
video coverage of the event will be available as a memento of this memorable occasion.
video teleconferencing obviates the need to collocate staffs and reduces ambiguity in commanders' intentions.
video thermography measured skin temperature while 6 subjects sat on a hard surface for varying durations of 5, 10, and 15 minutes.
Warner Home video has assembled a respectable collection of special features for this Special Edition.
video art brought with it the temporal immediacy of the camera and the possibility of live transmission.
video editing is a taxing chore, which is why we choose to use it on motherboards to test performance.
video documentaries by 22 different videographers from the five cities make up a large component of the show.
The videotapes were duplicated, packaged and mailed by Rank video Services America of Deerfield, Illinois.
video teleconferencing also allows collaboration and manipulation of documents and data.
video game packaging is a highly market-conscious but often under-appreciated art.
It's a bit of a toss-up between DivX and Windows Media video 9 on this one.
video recordings were made of the overhead view of fish swimming in a re-circulating flume at 10 deg C across of range of steady swimming speeds.
For help and advice on downloading this clip see the BBC Audio video help page.
video data is first processed to separate motion from the fixed background.
video presented at a news conference shows him walking the aisles and picking up an air rifle that had been left, unboxed, on a shelf.
She is offering to get me the Vegas video 4.0 upgrade for my services, and that means decent colour correction tools, which I'd kill for.
video cassettes showing blue films and cinema houses lost out to the village gurdwara.
Both our video Game Editors would take a whack at the game, but they would draw straws as to who covered what.
He insists they are not employees, but unpaid volunteers recruited by the Universal Music and video Distribution Group.
video streaming of major events has become widespread on the internet and is expected to grow significantly with the growth of broadband.
This renowned Assamese film-maker is heading the jury of the Second International video Festival now on at the State capital.
video streaming is really a secondary application that can make use of existing and developing high-speed infrastructure.
video blogs, or vlogs, could help counterbalance talk radio.
video from PTA meetings at McKinley feels like reality television and makes for truly dramatic viewing.
According to homegrown video owner Farrell Timlake, women are now submitting their own videos almost as much as men.
Entrant hereby waives any and all moral rights that exist in the video Entry and any derivative works made therefrom.
We disrelish going into lousy-deal Kim's Music and video, but we had already traipsed half the East Village looking for a band we'd just heard of called My Morning Jacket.
video of the search shows the winch struggling to cope with the stormy conditions.
video clips of disaffected youths and single mums, drug addicts and alcoholics played on an almost continuous loop, as the message was drummed home.
video replay of the crash shows Chilton weaving his way through an exploding tide of debris.
On top of the usual fast forward, rewind, pause, play, stop functions that your VCR has, most video on Demand systems allow you to skip ahead or skip back.
video games connect to the network to enable multiplayer gaming.
video link-ups from the main colleges nationally would keep a lot of players around and make a huge difference, industrially and socially, to all areas of the county.
video explorations of completed buildings are on display here and the office personnel is represented by a rogues' gallery of mug-shots stretching all along one wall.
video of the siege shows some of the passengers armed with marbles and slingshots.
So I went in, met Michael Bay, and did the video, and it won an MTV video Music Award and got me a ton of work.
video streaming is now available and as this technology is perfected, there will be opportunities to produce video programs to air on the Internet.
video imaging and photographic stereograms are but two examples.
video journalist Kieron Bryan was captured while filming a Greenpeace protest in the Arctic Circle.
It was September 1996 at an MTV video Music Awards after-party in New York.
video quality on this History Channel release is a little spotty.
video of the horrific episode was captured by a bystander, Ramsey Orta, who then sold it to the New York Daily News.
video footage showed him throwing up to a dozen missiles and a traffic cone at police in the White Abbey Road area during his 35-minute involvement.
video footage taken inside the club showed flames licking at foam insulation behind the stage, which erupted into a fast-moving fire that sent fans stampeding for the exits.
video and television content is a driving force for ultra-fast broadband.
video Nine, Fingering, discusses what is good fingering and why.
Sponsor reserves the right to discontinue the use of the video Entry without notice to Entrant.
Pure Digital has added to its line of Flip video cameras with the new Mino, the smallest, lightest and most portable video camera in the series.
Starting today, any of our eligible customers with capable devices will be able to start using Advanced Messaging and video Call.
video surveillance systems offer protection against intruders and it can monitor babysitters, house-sitters and pet-sitters on the job.
You've probably heard about Confessions of a video Vixen, part memoir, part name dropping tell-all.
video projections of the body's interior and exterior surfaces are sequenced with domestic architecture textures and Mobius strip schematics.
Vincent Lopez of Kalmon Dolgin Affiliates was the broker for both the buyer, video Concepts, and the seller, IL Nuraghe, in the transaction.
video projections of Mobius strips activate the objects with colour and light.
Vaddio launched the Squiggle video Whiteboard Kit designed for videoconferencing and educational and corporate training facilities.
Free, Easy-to-Use, Service Revolutionizes Instant Moblogging with Voice, video, Pictures, and Text. 
Tenders are invited for Supply And Installation Of Flexible video Thoracoscope To Govt.
Construction of new Dias casework and cabinetry, to accommodate new contractor provided Audio video Equipment.
While at the University of Essex, Yates formed the Film and video Production Society.
The 88DE8020 and 88DE8025 are single chip hybrid demodulators for Digital video Broadcasting and analog video broadcasting worldwide.
Systec video mounters range in widths from 6 to 140 inches and come in both tabletop and floor models.
video courtesy of The Center for oral history at West Point.
video has proved a highly effective marketing tool for Denro Holdings, an international investment sales firm based in Regina, Sask.
video footage from the ROV was an integral part of this outreach and used extensively in the Mystery Mardi Gras Shipwreck documentary.
video analysis gives coastal zone managers the opportunity to obtain bathymetry.
A wide selection of serials are available from BBC video on DVD, on sale in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and the United States.
