The Camp offers facilities such as WIFI, telephone booth, ping-pong table and beach volley.
Some have become WIFI hotspots, gadget-charging stations and cash machines, or art galleries, tourist information centres and book exchanges.
Attention: access to the WIFI service may be prohibited in the exhibition areas.
With, say, Chinese and Indian youths in villages with WIFI now paying micro-cents to listen, new markets are admittedly emerging.
It is because of the dish's sensitive measurements that WIFI, bluetooth and mobile phones are banned in Ny Alesund.
Vaezi's ministry also plans to increase the number of public buildings with free WIFI by the beginning of next year.
I was flying from Los Angeles to New York for Christmas using Virgin America's WIFI network when I decided to give the app a try.
Last week we tidied all the cables and the only thing that is now on standby is the cable box and the WIFI router.
The Centre Pompidou, in partnership with Ozone, is offering its visitors free WIFI access!
The Kindle Fire has no camera or microphone, and can only work on WIFI, as it lacks support for 3G networking.
They make you do a morris dance on the bartop before giving you the WIFI password.
All are endowed with a courtesy tray, WIFI, TV plasma, hairdryer, satellite TV and radio, you will appreciate the classical style as well as modern style.
He ran into problems with WIFI and at one point his laptop froze.
Its glamping options include wigwams and it's packed with clever touches including under-floor heating in the amenity blocks and WIFI.
At the first floor are situated the rooms, equipped by double bed, table, chair, closet, digital tv, WIFI internet, air conditioning, central heating. Every rooms has the own bathroom with wc, bidet, washbowl and shower unit.
Situated in Taichung's prime District Seven, Millennium Vee is the first hotel nationwide to offer 4G WI-Max WIFI broadband network in all 237 guest rooms.
The NY Times is running another story that demonstrates that just because a criminal is using open WIFI doesn't mean they're uncatchable.
It will be VERY interesting to see whether I can connect to WIFI base stations other than my own.
The company designed the card because PDAs typically contain a single expansion slot, and may not have WIFI built in.
This is an area both WIFI advocates and 3G evangelists both want to ignore.
The aim is to make WIFI access as simple to use as Internet dial-up connections.
Yes, it sounds as if the modern digital cellular service has already gazumped the WIFI network idea.
It has built-in WIFI and Bluetooth, as well as a touchpad as its pointing device.
This not only includes the new WIFI devices, but microwave ovens and other appliances that cause radio interference.
The political battle over WIFI shapes up as a classic match between private interests and the commons.
WIFI can be a swine to set up and won't necessarily work around large home.
No more pounding the streets from pub to pub, looking for that all-important WIFI hot spot to connect you to the web.
There is even an evolving language of street markings that uses chalked symbols to alert passers-by to a WIFI network nearby.
The pocket-sized WIFI base station is designed to stream music through a home hi-fi amplifier.
The camera is fitted with an integrated strobe and provides WIFI connectivity.
How are they going to define a device with WIFI connectivity and some VoIP softphone?
It can send a softphone telephone call through a 3G or WIFI client back into a corporate network.
The crime he committed has nothing to do with having an antenna booster, but that doesn't stop the reporter from talking about WIFI networks.
Little Dix Bay, a tony Rosewood resort on Virgin Gorda in the British Virgin Islands, offers WIFI on its beaches.
It's a second-generation model that supports faster 802. 11g WIFI connections.
I guess Michael Powell has been lurking on some of these community WIFI mailing lists.
Crucially, most of the kiosks also emit a WIFI signal, so that anyone within a couple of hundred yards can whip out a laptop or PDA and enjoy blazingly fast broadband.
WIFI signal locators are the tech-head must-have of the year. 
WIFI in airport departure lines is the mark of civilised countries.
Another cool feature is that you can zip movies and music from your home computer to your iPad wirelessly, over a WIFI network.
The LTM series was designed for wireless applications that combine an LTE MIMO modem with a WIFI MIMO modem and a GPS receiver.
The EE network also has recently released a WIFI calling feature available on the iPhone.
Real laptop hobos you'll find in the windows of coffee shops up the street that offer free WIFI and unprotected electrical outlets.
Centconet has decided to launch the Calypso Wireless C1250i dual mode cellular phones and C750 WIFI phones.
As network administrator for Lynchburg College, he was seeing Internet traffic from dorm room and residence WIFI expand beyond control.
In 2015, Durham University were voted number 1 in the UK for best university WIFI, on a review platform StudentCrowd.
Services offered include international telephone, broadband internet and WIFI, GSM mobile, paging services and TV rebroadcast services.
The UMA phone requires the WIFI to be active all time in order to receive an incoming or making an outgoing UMA call.
The Samsung video call service works without WIFI or 3G data package and through the normal telephony feature.
Very low off capacitance provides ample control in switching reactances at high WIFI frequencies.
Altai Technologies, a carrier-grade Super WIFI equipment supplier, announced today the release of its Altai U1 Super WIFI USB Client.
With JoikuShare, share and transfer phone photos, music, videos and files with WIFI devices and Friends.
Users will be able to connect any WIFI enabled tablet, Smart TV, iptv, game console, set top box and phone to the Teleport WIFI router to obtain a US IP Address.
The chain to which a hotel belongs is one of the best predictors of WIFI performance.
Ruckus Wireless has announced that AccorHotels has started implementing Ruckus Smart WIFI products and technology across its hotels in the GCC and Egypt.
The luxurious Landside Lounge, located on the first floor, is equipped with complimentary WIFI, Mac Book computers, hot and cold beverage stations, and shower facilities.
The Smart Dubai Executive Committee and du, the Smart City Official WIFI Provider in Dubai, have rolled out free WIFI UAE services in somepublic areas.
A New York Times correspondent cited the example of Boston-based Skyhook Wireless, which developed techiques to pinpoint WIFI hotspots from user phones.
