The history of broadband wireless has been largely one of disappointment to date.
The Texas company pioneered the use of wireless communications on delivery routes.
Sputnik requires users to log in before using the system, so a wireless network provider knows who's tapping its resources.
I wandered aimlessly around thinking about the play and failing to find a wireless hotspot.
He set up to share his wired Ethernet Internet connection via his built-in AirPort wireless card.
The phone, unlike those from its competitors, switches automatically between cellular and wireless internet networks.
The devices would hook up to a TV and connect to the Media Center PC through a wired or wireless computer network.
Acctually, that doesn't have a huge effect on the wired or wireless internet.
Marshall's knowledge of wireless technology, given his years as a ham radio operator, helped pique his curiosity.
The wireless network does not deserve any less stringent security than the wired network.
Cutting-edge firms have developed wireless and cellular telephone technology, as well as new applications for the Internet.
In times of cheap wireless routers and meshed routing protocols, this gets a lot easier.
A wireless meshed metropolitan area, which can support several thousand users, needs only one wired connection to the Internet.
It covers the changes within and between cities, as a result of wired, and wireless communications infrastructure.
Or you can ignore it, send it to voicemail or forward the call to a wireless phone.
The factor that would tip the balance for me, however, would be wireless Internet.
We tested it complete with the wireless capability, but you can always start wired and upgrade later if you wish.
Sensor networks make use of wireless communication and hence are different from traditional wired networks.
This is the effective wireless foot print at a 5 to 90 degree angle of elevation.
Text-messaging is crude when compared with video transmission and other whizzy technology promised by next-generation wireless networks.
By far the clearest effects of wireless are being seen in kids, a naturally media-savvy group whose lives are being shaped by this technology.
Moreover, the connection to other networks, wireless included, is easily realizable.
The wireless device measures a variety of parameters such as temperature, pulse, blood oxygen saturation and heart rate.
The birth of the wireless Internet has spawned mobile commerce, or m-commerce.
The main mode of conducting wired e-commerce is through a wired connection to a LAN while for m-commerce it is through a wireless network.
The two groups are attempting to set their seal on a key emerging area of wireless technology, mesh networking, by pushing a new standard.
As the plane pulled into the terminal, the aircrew allowed passengers to use their wireless phones.
This is the starkest, most distopian vision of a wireless future imaginable.
Select models now feature its dual antennae design for improved signal reception and transmission on wireless networks.
A scaleable, broadband wireless system for providing radio access to a metropolitan area.
Do a Windows help search for wireless card properties and power management if you are unsure.
Tethering is a feature that lets your mobile phone share its wireless data connection with your computer.
The most cost-effective tool for your wireless system is a dedicated battery tester.
There needs to be a new network in place to allow the broadband transmission over the wireless network.
A holistic, or hybrid, approach to wireless network buildout can mean the difference between success and failure.
The network was constructed by wireless network builder Cityspace and wireless equipment vendor BelAir Networks.
The wireless technology can transmit digital data over a wide spectrum of frequency bands with very low power.
The Commission for Communications Regulation has introduced a new licensing scheme for local area broadband fixed wireless access services.
In particular for offices, added to legacy data communication, wireless LAN has begun to be used for telephone and voice telephony services.
This is a wireless phone that will use the best telecommunication technology available.
Does the thought of investing in the wireless or telecom industry now leave your head spinning?
These units may be placed in either homes or businesses to receive and transmit a wireless broadband signal.
First, wireless transmissions are sent at very high frequencies, which allows more data to be sent per second.
The Royal Navy was closely involved in the early development of wireless technology.
When you hear about the third-generation wireless networks, those backbones are going to be packet-based.
Suddenly there's a real motive toward making that wireless access point a platform, with a modular, scalable, PC operating system.
Seven sells software to telecom carriers who manage wireless networks for corporate clients.
In a 2001 article in New York magazine about feuding couples, one dueling duo, Dave and Brooke, traded barbs about her wireless addictions.
Trips or sensors can also be wired to switch on a wireless intercom, walkie-talkie, or baby monitor with a receiver in a neighbor's house.
I'm saving it here because I once thought it would be nifty to use a wireless cam as a baby monitor.
As instant messaging migrates to cell phones and other wireless devices, interoperability will be even more crucial.
The wireless Broadcast Unit is a specialist provider of wireless broadcast products for the media and entertainment arena.
A guy in California used a wireless laptop to send thousands of spam messages.
By June 2003, the company was able to offer Niueans free wireless Internet, via a series of towers on the island.
The receiver demodulates the wireless signal and ships it on to the customer's terminal equipment.
wireless networks are open and available to all who have wireless devices, whereas wired networks require a physical connection to gain access.
An eavesdropper can use the program to identify nearby devices that use the Bluetooth wireless protocol.
And the wireless connection, after the machine goes to sleep and wakes up, re-establishes itself automagically.
Their director of wireless believes that end-to-end authentication could be a greater concern than end-to-end encryption.
The same airwaves used to beam wireless phone calls can be used to transmit Net data.
A number of US Senators were said to be preparing bills to expand the radio spectrum for wireless Internet.
If my typing seems unusually quirky and vivacious this morning, it's because I just installed a new wireless keyboard and mouse. ooh!
After all many wireless networks exist only to share much slower speed broadband connections.
A lot of low-end notebooks don't come with a wireless adapter, but this one does.
To be viable, cellphones and future wireless Internet access devices will need to be mass-produced.
This enables a broadband internet connection to be shared out among wireless users.
To fully equip every street in Britain with conventional wireless networking, would require a prodigious effort.
Even a robustly secured wireless access point can be cracked in a matter of hours.
In order for wireless to have a future where you could have Wi-Fi VPNs, roaming has to be a part of that.
The Teledesic architecture is wireless point-to-point links between a satellite and a fixed station on the ground.
Sitting comfortably using wireless access will no longer be just the preserve of the road warrior or corporate executive, he writes.
Many add such delights as wireless sensors and a dual wheel-size function to allow easy swapping between road bike and mountain bike.
Instead, the company may offer wireless broadband, which is more expensive than copper wire.
Some wireless carrier executives said the company also spends more on below-the-line marketing than any device-maker.
The wireless sensor technology is used to monitor pressure within an aortic aneurysm.
Typically, a rig consists of a wireless radio transmitter used by the coach, and a wireless transceiver used by the speaker.
It'll beam wireless Internet signals over a 5-mile square mile area of Seattle.
The wireless solution was cheaper than wiring the entire campus, and it's so much more convenient.
The country's operators have led the way in experimenting with the wireless music business.
Using wireless broadcast technology, each mast has a range of up to 25 miles and can deliver speeds of up to 1.5Mbps.
But it took years to realize its ability to amplify sound and thus its wireless applications.
As well as creamy lattes, the coffee shop offers wireless internet access and big, bench-like tables that several people can gather around.
By putting repeaters all over the place, it's possible to paste together a wireless network that truly works. 
For that matter, it won't be long before customers like Young will be able to reorder supplies through their wireless Palms.
It has started using the wireless networking technology to control trains remotely.
The technology employed uses a wireless network with the signal hopping from building to building.
We had discovered that always-on, always-connected wireless email was completely addictive.
It can be connected to a landline or a wireless phone for Internet browsing.
The wireless signal between video player and monitor is relayed via two copper plates a metre apart.
The controllers can be operated in local mode via a user interface and in a remote mode via a wireless connection.
Past the radio shop on the corner where we took the accumulator for our wireless set to be recharged.
It will feature high-end multimedia workstations, networked wireless laptops and express-type terminals.
The project will investigate the technological, psychological and design aspects of what makes a useable and useful wireless service.
Marconi's first transatlantic wireless signal was recreated yesterday to mark the 100th anniversary of the historic transmission.
These days it's on a Saturday night, when you've probably other things to do than sit round the wireless between 10.00 pm and midnight.
Although it may be too technical for some, the book offers plenty of information for those looking to lock down their wireless nets.
With those two pieces of data, an attacker can impersonate a legitimate device on that wireless net.
Although WEP is one of the most talked-about means of protection for a wireless net, it will not by itself make your network secure.
In the short term, many companies want to iron out the kinks in wireless voice services first.
So this idea of a converging in the terminal between wireless and wireline has become real important.
