The motion is sensed by an accelerometer disposed within the device that is formed of a monolithic integrated circuit chip.
To detect hard braking or cornering, the system uses an accelerometer that detects high g-forces on the vehicle.
The Part 572 Subpart L free motion headform was instrumented with a critically damped Entran triaxial accelerometer.
Guidance was preset, with an integrating accelerometer to measure when the missile had reached the requisite speed to reach the target.
In a passenger car, a linear accelerometer located near the front axle measures higher lateral acceleration than in the center or rear side.
A small sensor, the accelerometer, placed nearby then detects the sound waves and analyses their acoustic signature.
After vibration data is measured using the accelerometer and converted into digital format, they are then stored in a computer.
The speed and force pattern of the club head was measured by a miniature accelerometer attached to the club head.
A motion transducer or more specifically an accelerometer may be used to generate a ballistocardiogram.
The accelerometer is used to measure shocks and vibration caused by road roughness while the GPS unit records the truck position.
The output scale factor of an accelerometer is simply how many volts output are provided per g of applied acceleration.
An accelerometer was placed on one arm to measure gross body movements.
The outer display is controlled by an accelerometer that gives you a small reaction when you touch it.
Works in conjunction with an accelerometer such as the SW 10 and provides relay signals to indicate when vibration levels are exceeded.
Finally, an accelerometer enables it to detect the onset of lateral slipping.
Align the impactor accelerometer with its sensitive axis parallel to the impactor longitudinal centre line.
Myotest measure acceleration on the vertical axis of the load which is attached the accelerometer sensor.
For example, the integrated accelerometer reacts to motion, or the lack of motion.
A portable accelerometer can be used to measure vibration of a motor to determine if the balance is acceptable.
The laboratories were required to measure the sensitivity of the accelerometers without applying a mirror or a dummy mass to the accelerometer.
With Wickr, if the device's built-in accelerometer detects it is in motion while viewing a photo or video, the screen goes black.
It can also track its wearer's activity with a built-in accelerometer like a fitness band.
The present-day seismic network in Belgium consists of two different parts, the seismometer network and the accelerometer network.
They were instructed to wear the accelerometer during all waking hours, to carry out their usual activities, and not to remove the device except for bathing and sleep.
The artificial horizon and the accelerometer had to be monitored constantly.
Aside from the accelerometer, it has the ability to constantly monitor your heart-rate for several days on end!
Marcello's accelerometer data shows a lot of inversion layers in the thermosphere, at elevations of 1,020, 980, 800, 680, 600, and 510 kilometers.
The most basic ones are equipped with an accelerometer, which measures motion to collect data activity, steps and sleep.
It utilizes the iPhone's built in accelerometer and microphone to track the data.
The tri-axial accelerometer should be attached to the contracting appendage of the patient, to measure the strength of the contraction resulting from the applied electrical stimulus.
Piezoresistance accelerometer is widely used in automobile industry, so it has the fastest growth among the three kinds of accelerometers.
To get around that, TRW uses a piezoelectric accelerometer, a type of strain gauge, to measure the vibration caused by the actuators.
There's also an email application to stay in touch and users can play all the greatest games including 3D games thanks to the built-in accelerometer and 3D open GL technology.
By downloading the free iControlAV app from the App Store, you can control volume, inputs, zones, output balance, and much more through the innovative Multi-Touch user interface and accelerometer on iPhone or iPod touch.
For data collection, the lateral accelerometer shall be located as close as possible to the position of the vehicle's longitudinal and lateral centres of gravity.
This filtering means that, depending on the frequency content of the accelerometer data of the event, the recorded accelerometer data may be lower than that actually experienced by the aircraft.
The conclusion was that it is best to use an accelerometer on its own.
As it leaves, however, a miniature accelerometer built into it detects the retraction and passes this information along an optical fibre to a computer.
A uniaxial accelerometer shall be mounted on the non-impacted side of the tibia, 66 ± 5 mm below the knee joint centre, with its sensitive axis in the direction of impact.
Aside from skin-based monitoring, there will also be an accelerometer included in the earbud chassis.
Navigate the USS Enterprise through deep space in 3 exciting and unique ways: Use the accelerometer, the virtual joystick, or touch the screen to guide your ship for more 'hands-on' control!
First the absolute trunk inclination was estimated based on a biomechanics model and information extracted through combination of 3D accelerometer and gyroscope.
The ultrasensitive ASTRE accelerometer tested in 1996 during a flight of the American Columbia Space Shuttle was designed and developed for monitoring this environment.
Smartphone apps are also now available, that make use of the internal accelerometer to provide orientation measurements.
The accelerometer perturbance was simulated with normal distribution.
We determined the accuracy of the accelerometer in nondisabled subjects and in subjects with COPD and identified the clinical variables that predict device performance.
The game utilizes the iPhone or iPad's accelerometer to realistically simulate the rolling of a bowling ball and is finetuned to recognize backspin and hooking.
The Global MEMS accelerometer market has also been witnessing an increasing number of MEMS accelerometer applications in safeguarding laptop hard disks.
accelerometer based games require simple gestures while playing and developers can use the simple motion of the device to control the game.
accelerometer is a kind of electronic equipment that can measure accelerating force.
