A gentle squeeze is all that's required to power an actuator which opens the lid without any physical effort.	Copy
If that actuator starts to move unexpectedly, it acts as a generator and the short provides an electrical load that slows the motor down.	Copy
The actuator valve assembly and suction tube is screwed onto the cylinder and the tank is pressurized with a standard tire inflation system.	Copy
The actuator is then de-energized and the switching contacts return to their starting positions.	Copy
Each unit consisted of a quadrant and bellcrank assembly, a control valve, an actuator cylinder assembly and a bypass control assembly.	Copy
An attachable implement such as a loader bucket is attached to the actuator.	Copy
The Army conducted extensive testing of the trailer, with a modified brake actuator mechanism and strengthened trailer chassis and tow bar.	Copy
The ball valve can be operated automatically through an actuator or manually with the handle.	Copy
The actuator body pivots about a pivot axis and is attached to the cartridge bearing assembly disposed within an inner hollow of the actuator body.	Copy
On many projects, said O'Mahony, the engineering team is left trying to fight science by being asked to achieve some unrealistic sensor or actuator accuracies.	Copy
The voice coil actuator is not only far more adaptable and insensitive to thermal issues.	Copy
There was no indication of any structural damage that would degrade the stiffness of the actuator attachment.	Copy
Readjust end position OPEN according to the operation instructions of the actuator.	Copy
The adjusting lever or actuator is fitted on the same side as the gear wheel.	Copy
A stop valve having a thermal or motorised actuator, which varies the amount of flow as a function of ambient temperature, is suitable for this.	Copy
The actuator also includes an electrode fabricated on the supporting substrate.	Copy
Each of the four servos includes a hydraulic actuator and a hydraulic distributor.	Copy
The systematic variation in the actuator parameters made it possible to enhance their performance considerably.	Copy
The air pressure on each side of the actuator piston determines the setting of the transmission.	Copy
The distance shall be decreased by 15 cm in the case of no ignition at 60 cm distance between burner flame and aerosol actuator.	Copy
The second example is the micro linear actuator. This is with a company called Firgelli.	Copy
A suspension link on each sway bar is replaced with a hydraulic actuator.	Copy
An infrared beam focused into the ear carries the signal from the removable external component to the actuator.	Copy
A spring in the actuator pulls the selector ring back, which in turn pulls the locking ring back out of engagement with the side gear.	Copy
The HA range are classical servo-hydraulic testing machines, with a testing actuator mounted in the lower crosshead.	Copy
Non-ratchet type lever with clevis and linkage arrangement exerts force on actuator push rod.	Copy
With the different settings on the lift mast and the actuator, Uno 200 can be used for lifting from the floor as well as to high beds or gurneys.	Copy
The actuator operates at 18-32 volts dc with a maximum current draw of 8 amperes.	Copy
A second large piece, an actuator for the right outboard elevon, was also found by searchers.	Copy
An elastomeric diaphragm between actuator and flow path reduces the number of wetted parts.	Copy
Instead of the simple pneumatic actuator, it is also possible to attach an actuator with additional handwheel or an electric actuator.	Copy
The electric actuator EA11 consists of a gear, a direct current motor, a base print as well as equipment for end stops in its standard version.	Copy
By means of the funnel-shaped insertion opening, the actuator self-centers, even if the door is slightly misadjusted.	Copy
Do not manually operate the actuator with devices other than the handwheel and the declutch lever.	Copy
Install millibar pressure reducing valves upright with the actuator pointing up.	Copy
Millibar pressure reducing valves are to be installed standing upright with the actuator pointing upwards.	Copy
Neither the teardown of the actuator nor the examination of the aircraft revealed the source of the repeated heavy loading.	Copy
Various sensor and actuator simu­lations are added to the real-time system for this, according to project-specific requirements.	Copy
The internal cables of the actuator are also numbered according to the wiring diagram.	Copy
EarLens's gizmo comprises two parts: a behind-the-ear microphone and a vibrating actuator that has direct contact with the eardrum.	Copy
The inboard anchorage is generally provided with a 'pre-tensioner system' which is actuated by a pyrotechnic actuator in the case of impact.	Copy
The positioner and actuator section are a single unit, thus affording greater compactness and ease of use.	Copy
For testing purposes, the retract and extend switches were interchanged, and the actuator worked normally.	Copy
It should be noted that the servo actuator rates are in sympathy with the accumulator depletion times.	Copy
If this is not possible, install a 'throttling' actuator on top of the main actuator.	Copy
The actuator latch of a hard disk drive selectively intercepts the movement of the locking protrusion at the actuator so that the actuator is locked and unlocked.	Copy
Any actuator connected may execute a movement because of the pressurization.	Copy
The thrust reverser actuator fairing and the number 2 engine tailpipe made contact with the ground off the departure end of the runway.	Copy
An actuator system rocks a cradle or baby carriage, putting the child to sleep.	Copy
Align actuator so that it does not hit or rub against the edges of the insertion opening.	Copy
Separation of the speed trim actuator from the swash plate would result in the loss of longitudinal cyclic control of the aft rotor head.	Copy
A unique feature is the ability to directly attach a muting actuator for building up a muting system.	Copy
The actuator leaves the factory in perfect condition, as guaranteed by an individual test certificate.	Copy
This means that when the actuator moves, all of the heads move together in a synchronized fashion.	Copy
The housing is made of metal, and the actuator head is made of glass-fiber-reinforced, noncombustible plastic or metal.	Copy
The device was integrated with a 6 mm ratchet wheel and rotary solenoid actuator.	Copy
The Swagelok rack and pinion pneumatic actuator is compact, lightweight, easily mountable, and can be operated with standard shop air.	Copy
Before performing painting work, cover the actuation head, actuator and name plate.	Copy
This avoids temperature stress and increases the reliability and lifetime of the piezoelectric actuator.	Copy
Finding a piece of data on the hard disk involves random positioning and incurs a penalty of milliseconds as the hard disk actuator is moved and the disk rotates around on the spindle.	Copy
The bearings in the actuator are made of self-lubricating bronze.	Copy
Thoroughly clean and degrease mounting faces at linear actuator and valve.	Copy
Remount rotary actuator to linear thrust unit.	Copy
An exemplar speed trim actuator was obtained for comparison purposes.	Copy
Always install millibar pressure regulators upright with actuator on top.	Copy
Depending on the valve and actuator used, the regulator can be upgraded to create a millibar pressure reducing valve, steam pressure reducing valve or a safety pressure reducing valve.	Copy
The speed trim actuator is an electric actuator installed between the aft upper controls and the swash plate to provide limited control of the aft rotor head in the pitch axis.	Copy
This type of coupling converts multi-turn actuator rotational motion into linear motion: in this way the motorization is extremely simple and compact.	Copy
The driver is the device which receives the actuator position command signal from the controller and positions the actuator by means of controlling the current and potential of the three phases of the actuator electromotor.	Copy
To activate the new actuator code from the teach-in operation in the safety switch, the operating voltage to the safety switch must then be switched off for min. 3 seconds.	Copy
The actuator must be protected against moistness.	Copy 
The dielectrically isolated device eliminates troublesome and noisy ground loops from developing between the actuator and the analog inputs.	Copy
It is usually not necessary to take apart the actuator assembly.	Copy
This wireless actuator features state-of-the-art hybrid technology that we developed: we combined the wear-free receiver and evaluation electronics and a bistable relay with zero passage switching.	Copy
Beaver supplies ball splines to Boeing for the CH-47 Chinook helicopter, as well as a camera deployment actuator for the P-8 military aircraft.	Copy
Based on the optimized microstructure of the FGM bimorph actuators by the CLT model, we processed the FGM bimorph actuator that is composed of six laminae, and also the standard bimorph actuator.	Copy
Mounted with a banjo bolt directly on the actuator.	Copy
The beam rotation actuator is made of bimorph peizoelectric material.	Copy
Spare actuator for motorised zone valves 642 and 643 series.	Copy
Supply of ball valves of nominal diameter DN 700 full bore for mounting in manholes including gear and electric actuator.	Copy
This is achieved through the combination of active control by means of a servomotor actuator using proprietary algorithms, and the power to instantaneously generate results, which is a characteristic of the reducing valve.	Copy
Each canister is fitted into the supplied blue plastic actuator.	Copy
As previously discussed, given the discovery of the metallic fragments in the collective servo actuator, a control difficulty was a remote possibility which could not be conclusively ruled out.	Copy
The SoundBite does away with the need for such invasive procedures, making it cheaper and safer, as well as more versatile, while the EarLens requires only a much less fraught placement of the eardrum actuator.	Copy
Adjustment of the part ejection device is by way of the counter-spindle in the reference position, by admitting 1 mm play between the actuator and ejection device.	Copy
A single-ended hydraulic double acting actuator converts hydraulic energy, accumulated in the hydraulic fluid provided to the engine, into mechanical energy or reciprocative movement.	Copy
The analysis found no flutter with the disconnection of one actuator.	Copy
Valeo has taken special care with the style and finish of the actuator.	Copy
They promote sparsity, and provide a perfect formulation for switching and multi-bang controls, and for the optimal actuator location problem.	Copy
In the manufacture of actuator systems using compression springs, the foil combination is wound around the compressed spring and fixed so that the spring can no longer return to its normal length.	Copy
Be careful to balance the actuator in the correct mounting position-in some positions the center of gravity of the combined unit may be close to the forward lifting eye.	Copy
A drop in air pressure is known to affect the transmission actuator and to reduce the flow of fuel to the engine through the pneumatic fuel valve.	Copy
With the testing actuator mounted in the upper crosshead and the series-standard T-slot platform, flexure and component tests can be performed in addition to standard tests.	Copy
In general, the controller and actuator of the system are the mechanisms by which changes in the process are accomplished to influence the output variable.	Copy
However, replacement of most items was required to restore the system, including replacement of the latch opening actuator, off-wing slide compartment door actuators, and the spoiler blow-down squib.	Copy
The actuator ignites the flammable solid contained in the inflator housing.	Copy
It lays a certain theoretical foundation for giant magnetostrictive actuator being used in the fields of cutting with invariableness cutting force.	Copy
The integration of this fuse into the electrical circuit also provides warning of an impending failure of the drive belts, actuator bearings, or other drive system components.	Copy
Corrosion on an in-line fuse end and improper connection of the fuse holder raised the resistance in the electrical circuit to the belt-tensioner and slowed the operation of the belt-tension actuator motor.	Copy
If a call button is unassigned because it is used for example for a two-family house, it simply receives a cover plate or in combination with a switching actuator takes on another function such as light switching.	Copy
In addition the fan coil actuator controls the valves in the ventilator convector that open or close heating or cooling according to requirements.	Copy
The asphalt testing system is based on the recently developed HB10 load frame, with the hydrostatic actuator, servo-valve and pressure accumulator unit mounted on the upper fixed crosshead.	Copy
Solenoid interlocks demand accurate alignment of actuator and device.	Copy
The heart of the implant is a disk-shaped heteromorph piezoelectric actuator that is coupled to the incus.	Copy
If the potentiometer is correctly adjusted but the actuator or the push-rod is not correctly adjusted, the indicator, if it is working properly, will show the actual position of the trim tab.	Copy
When the actuator is operating in one direction and an immediate command for a reverse direction is set, unpredicted current surges arise with possible damages to the motor.	Copy
If there is no ice in the evaporator and the water plate is not fully closed-with the water pump running and the actuator switch tripped up-the actuator motor should be running.	Copy
The positioner is attached directly to the actuator.	Copy
When the operating voltage is present at the locking solenoid, the lift tappet is extended and lifts the guard locking pin of the actuator above the edge of the recess.	Copy
The lift tappet is pressed into the locked position by the force of the spring for the guard locking pin in the actuator and unlocked electromagnetically by the safety switch.	Copy
When the operating voltage is present at the locking solenoid, the lift tappet is retracted and the guard locking pin of the actuator is moved into the recess by spring force.	Copy
Serious damage may result if the operator overrides the actuator limit switches or exerts excessive force on the handwheel.	Copy
The actuator would move the elevon, a surface at the back side of the wing that is used to pitch the nose up or down or roll the craft from side to side.	Copy
When the charge is increased, an actuator on the machine's tail becomes oppositely charged and thus attracted to the plate, causing the tail to flex and make contact with the grid's surface.	Copy
The Bottega Verde product was customized with matching electric-blue actuator and tank, while the Kelemata entry was created with a black actuator and green-labelled tank.	Copy
The next step in this direction was to find an appropriate model of the system's hydraulical components as presented by the modelling of a pump and an actuator.	Copy
For a driving mechanism for a mechatronic system, we consider the simplest ones, namely, an electromechanical actuator and electrohydraulic actuator.	Copy
During calibration, the distance between the clamp and the rotary actuator and the distances between the strain gauges and interface between the bars were maintained the same.	Copy
Tenders are invited for Repairing of auma make actuator commixing no.	Copy
Tenders are invited for Push Button Actuator, Push Button With Scraw Type Fixing Of Rdso Appd.
