She reaches for the phone, the camera angles changes and we see Maya standing behind her.
Everyone thought he was kidding until, at the height of his fame, he laid his camera aside to concentrate on painting and drawing.
Inside the kiosk, a special camera relays images of passers-by alongside recorded shots of famous local TV and film celebrities.
Next, point the camera at the other extreme and once again half press the release.
A photographer can point his camera at a subject and press the release down.
In the colonial context, the camera wielded by white Europeans was an intrusive weapon of domination.
For example, my digital camera uses four nickel-cadmium batteries that are rated at 1.25 volts and 500 milliamp-hours for each cell.
Fat Man's bespectacled sidekick took the woman's video camera and rewound the tape.
As the crowd roars with laughter, the camera pans back so that we see her bare back behind the podium.
The camera seems to move in and out of the body in bursts of kaleidoscopic color.
The action moves at a fast pace from beginning to end, complete with cinematic camera angles, wherein lies my biggest beef.
The electro-optical systems include a television camera, optional infra-red camera and laser rangefinder.
The rules, however, are only relevant to the way the safety camera scheme is funded.
The climax of the film is a justly celebrated sequence in which the camera glides over a crowded dancefloor to pick out the true murderer.
At first, Mr Allott wanted to mount the official-looking camera on a lamp post but council planning officers refused.
Yes, I saw the camera and I was kind of dancing around in front of it and what not and wanted the camera to focus on me.
If she were to gossip, it would be with the closest of friends, not when there was a camera in her face.
The camera is there when the women finally return to inspect the remains of their homes.
Then it turned and ran, the camera portraying a jumpy image as the guy ran.
If you are unable to completely turn the flash off on your camera you won't be able to achieve the look that you want.
The settings of the camera and flashes were always identical, and thus all photographs received a standard light exposure.
While the others sneaked in a last route or two, Anne ascended a static line, collecting her camera and jumaring toward the sky.
Now that I know how to make the camera phone work, I am going to be an unstoppable juggernaut of stupid pictures.
As we leaned over the ledges we took silly pictures of each other until I managed to drop the camera off the railings.
Check out our live blog and also the camera inside the studio during commercial breaks.
The Sligo fans were definitely jubilant and dozens of camera phones captured the moment but that's as far as it went.
A Louisiana resident had his camera rolling as floodwaters poured into his home, putting him and his father in immediate danger.
He finds Gilbert, and they spot Keaton, who is using the flash on her digital camera as a flashlight.
Pulling out her camera and attaching the flash, she climbs out of the car and moves past the barricade.
The camera obscura box reproduced these conditions and clarified the images with the addition of a lens.
She turned when she heard the throng of girls scream and giggle and was almost blinded by camera flashes.
She stays like that, lifting her face and her camera to the heavens, in the squawking aerial universe of all these flying creatures.
Working from a very loose story outline, the actors create their characters when the camera begins to roll.
Today, besides doing the sound, I did focus pulling, some camera work, held the light, held the reflector, and did so many other things as well.
As he cruised around with a camera the size of Surrey, I felt like a remora trying to clean a whale shark.
Lights, ceiling fans and the all-important sockets for charging camera batteries run from a generator.
And why was a security camera monitoring the prison yard mysteriously out of action?
This is a film with fine acting, camera work free of frills and a plot that will keep you guessing.
The camera lingers over his body, reversing the gaze traditionally directed toward the nude female.
Out of the corner of my eye I can see CCTV's main camera lock on to my position from across the road.
The slides were photographed with a Pentax 35 mm single lens reflex camera attached to a Zeiss compound microscope.
One evening we labored, stung by nettles and mosquitoes, to set up Sewell's camera blind on Otter Pond in the great marsh.
A high resolution camera will also sweep the surface, resolving details as small as two metres across.
The camera lingers lovingly on the visage of David Beckham in the Manchester United dug-out.
The camera pulls back to reveal three acrobats performing on sashes against the spectacular roof of the Royal Horticultural Halls in Victoria.
The camera was balanced on a bollard and had slipped slightly so you can't see our faces.
At Oxford University, researchers have developed an acoustic camera that builds up visual pictures using sound.
Just as camera lenses focus light, acoustic lenses reshape sound, spreading it horizontally to increase the sensation of space.
Poor Mayor Collins must be well and truly dazzled by now from the glare of paparazzi camera flashes.
When he was able to he bought a single lens reflex camera and the first camera club he joined was in Benoni.
She always had a way with a camera and made the light hit him at all the right angles.
With the aid of a remote camera set 50 meters from the den, Christoph spent many hours watching her perform the intimate chores of motherhood.
As her hand slides into the cool mound of lentils, the camera cuts to her face, which is glowing.
Leaving their hotel room to go to the Peppermint Lounge, the lads wave a sweet goodbye to the two-man camera crew.
The camera passes through a barrage of deadly jellyfish, emerging unscathed on the other side.
Watch this space to see how the three hundred and fifty pound camera compares with the thirty quid webcam.
Nowadays, directors overuse music, lighting, and camera angles to destroy any ambiguousness in characters.
Familiar with the production process, he got his shots by hovering watchfully near potential moments, camera ready.
When native film-makers point the camera at their homeland, the post-industrial wastelands of the Clyde are usually somewhere in the background.
The filmer had this janky camera with one of those clip-on fish eyes and was impossible to get hold of.
In close-ups it often shines too brightly on the singers, especially as the camera pans in, making them appear pale and washed out at times.
Used as a family snapshot camera it's on a par with early colour compacts, using cheap colour film and cheap laboratory processing.
Sure, they'd secure gobs of camera time and send countless harmful messages about the lesbian and gay community in the process.
In a photo taken in 1965, the year my first child was born and my brother died, I eye the camera warily, my mouth in a tense line.
Another story to achieve widespread circulation is the one of the motorist caught exceeding the limit by a speed camera in Cheshire.
Apparently one of those camera things snapped me breaking the limit in a thirty mph zone.
Just about every camera in the world these days has a battery, even if it is just to drive the needle on the light meter.
How many times have you driven past a speed camera located on a well lit, straight A road that has a higher than average traffic speed?
Great use of sound, lighting and camera angles draw you in to this absurdly eerie little shaggy-dog story.
As soon as you gob into your mask, trip over your fins, or wipe your nose on the back of your glove you'll discover a camera lens inches away.
He wandered the seedy areas with his eyes wide open and his camera at the ready.
In another image, two bored children gaze at the camera, the older one giving the camera a wan smile.
In order to avoid the distortions of reality that lenses produce, Strindberg often used a lensless pinhole camera of his own construction.
It is advisable to not have the lens cap attached to the camera with a string.
The camera lingers for a few seconds, and audiences let out a collective gasp.
The theater photographs can be read as an analogue for both the interior of a still camera and the womb.
When it comes to physical abnormality, the camera can be like an innocent, mercilessly truthful child.
She runs desperately about, waggling her bottom at the camera until eventually someone shoots a paintball right at it.
But once the officers checked out the tape over the camera lenses, they decided to rewind and review the videos anyway.
Zooming the camera lens even further, she saw figures off to the right, walking in front of one of the gray tents.
