Using an ohmmeter, it was determined that the three different LEDs are connected to the first three pins of port 1 on the main controller chip.
The output is regulated by a single pulse width modulating controller which drives the boost switch and buck switch simultaneously.
Unusually, the computer controller leaves the turbo's wastegate open most of the time.
The Replay queue unloading controller releases the commands for both queues hoping that they will be executed successfully.
My machine would need new bearings, a new controller board and several other components if it was to be brought back to life.
Our final-approach controller began giving us vectors to intercept the final bearing.
The flash memory controller is used to control data access and specify an address of data storage.
Spatial ability is especially germane for efficient performance in some occupations, such as that of an air traffic controller.
He also earned certification as an air traffic controller with military control-tower rating.
Will I need more training in order to continue my career as an air traffic controller at an airport?
You can purchase tickets at a price of 50 kopiykas at bus stops or from a controller on the trolley or bus.
Presumably the USB controller is doing a refresh or something which triggers the display driver to behave that way.
We have done in-house upgrades on some equipment to replace old relays with a programmable controller.
Patients with persistent asthma require a regular controller medication as well as a reliever.
The engineer reports to the plant manager and the controller reports to the president.
A controller selectively controls the first and second transistors to achieve amplitude modulation at a high modulation bandwidth.
The system controller for a reprographic system is the most challenging piece of software in the machine.
The lead aircraft coordinated a climb with the tower controller to hold over the airport at 2,500 feet.
The relationship between Peters and his controller rarely rises above mutual contempt.
Then I grab the TV controller and bottle in right hand, baby safely tucked away in the crook of my left elbow and plop down on the couch.
He quickly loaded it, associating the robot arm controller object with the program.
The controller also includes a user interface having an operator keypad and a liquid crystal display.
Process monitoring is performed by a controller that uses fuzzy logic and neural network technology.
I looked up to the transmitter controller who had a look of complete disbelief.
Caitlin acted as traffic controller, designating the rooms to which the things were assigned.
The note and controller data from the guitar is sent to the sampler via MAX but no processing occurs.
Moving the memory controller into the CPU gives it direct access to main memory.
One member of the team, an Air Force combat controller, was attacked while manning a security post.
The Wexford man, who is an air-traffic controller at Knock Airport, guided a screamer to the Tooreen net.
Video footage helps the controller navigate the robot and negotiate tough volcanic terrain from solidified lava flows to loose scree and rocks.
Maybe you're a noisy, active gamer who yells at the screen and bangs his controller in frustration when he loses.
The crash-resistant tanks are self-sealing and fitted with self-sealing lines and a digital fuel feed controller.
I was watching an interview with a nerdy computer controller in the US military.
The former controller of BBC Radio Four wants to halt the drain of Caledonian talent dripping away to London in his new role in Scotland.
An emcee is a microphone controller, so I held the mic and I controlled it.
Of course, they again made a few optimizations in order to improve the memory controller performance.
A controller is operable with the touch pad for receiving a signal from the touch pad in response to an operator touching the touch pad.
I see a world where in places of darkness, toupees and comb overs plot with the glass controller.
Figure 4 shows the digital and analog controller responses to a mechanical impulse on the shaft.
At least one fluid device from a group consisting of a flow controller, a valve, a filter and a pressure transducer is provided.
The electronic speed controller which works through a conventional twist grip throttle was bought off the shelf.
The link slave devices and the link controller include protocol logic for communication according to a bidirectional protocol.
Enthusiasts want to see the drivers do the business, not an electronic controller from the pits.
Hughes, who is an air-traffic controller, also invests regularly as an individual.
The pin in the processor connected to the controller is called the interrupt request line.
According to the police reports, no one tried to come to her help or even pulled the signal to warn a controller.
As for comfort, I think I read that you can just rest it on your thigh like a regular controller.
Data is fed from the antenna to the robot controller, enabling it to sense its position.
A trainee controller mistakenly directed a plane to descend through the flight level of another plane.
It had been alleged that a particular dealer had behaved fraudulently and the controller duly exercised the power.
John Punch is the financial controller and Martin Punch is company secretary.
She worked extremely hard and after 10 years she was promoted to financial controller.
Soon after he left for London, and had a successful career, becoming financial controller of BBC Radio.
It cannot be done and no company would be allowed get away with it by a responsible financial controller.
Ella's ambition is to become a financial controller within the next five to ten years.
So what can he suggest to the financial controller desperately looking for value for money?
The player is attached to the TV via an umbilical cord from the nipples and keypad of the controller to the RF socket of the television.
As the outgoing controller of Radio Four could tell you, it's dangerous to muck around with BBC tradition.
The multithreaded processor includes a plurality of microengines, a memory controller, a first bus interface and a second bus interface.
The system controller can then make the necessary adjustments to minimize the states that could lead to roll over.
Inhalers and nebulizers are two different devices used to deliver rescue or controller asthma medications directly into your child's lungs.
If I could regulate the gas supply with a electrically-activated valve, I could adapt my breadboarded controller to the gas kiln.
I qualified for a top-secret clearance to enable me to work as a controller at the command post, the nerve center for all military operations.
The approach controller immediately issued vectors to the nearby Moncks Corner Airport, but radio and radar contact were lost.
There they met and interviewed Alex Martynov, a controller who worked on the MIR space station.
Its effects are minor, and no good pulmonary doc or allergist I know of would use it as a first-line controller.
Squeezing the push-to-talk button felt a bit clumsy, though, with everything hanging bulkily from the Xbox controller.
Messages for the duty controller were passed down from the gallery using a bulldog clip tied on to the end of what looked like a broomstick.
Levitt's father's was a longtime controller of the state of New York, a liberal with a spotless record.
In the meantime the software giant is advising users to make changes on a single domain controller, so bypassing the replication problem.
It's even offering a gamepad controller accessory that fits over the back of the handset and looks like an old Nintendo pad.
This causes me to not be able to close the door if I install the fan controller.
Likewise, using the controller card versus the on-board IDE channels did not affect sustained transfer rates in any way.
Silent Scope 2 was shown with a prototype one-handed controller, which has a thumb roller ball used to aim and a gun-like trigger.
The controller contains photodetectors and a broadband infrared source such as the type of small incandescent lamp used in pocket flashlights.
The controller has a streamline shape that looks more like a stealth airplane than a game controller.
The man at the helm was the MD, credit controller, editor, advertising manager and distribution manager combined.
The controller general tried to put an end to the dispute by having the chancellor overrule the court and undo its modifications.
In between the molex convertor and the 3 pin power connector is where the speed controller fits in.
Finally everything was ready, so he gave the command for the controller to change over to the newest version of the code.
Where there is a separate carrier for the pallets, as in the lever escapement, this can be considered as part of the controller.
Also mounted on the circuit board are a memory controller module and nine separate memory chips.
The laser module has an output connected to a controller via filtering and reference circuitry.
Only one patient with severe persistent asthma was not receiving an asthma controller medication.
Ella, who started in the stores department moved through the ranks as a cost controller, payables clerk and general accountant.
This unlikely looking quartet includes a property developer, pest controller, full time musician and a chiropodist.
They fought over the controller for a good 20 minutes until their mom's had to separate them because they were getting physical.
These parameters are used by the system controller to determine the rotational speed and the vertical feed of the machine spindle.
We have forgotten the supreme controller as we have been conditioned to accept the material world as containing everything that we need.
The part uses a thermally conductive polycarbonate to draw heat away from the controller and dissipate it into the surrounding air.
A Script is an instruction set used to execute operations on a controller device.
Each has a console, extra controller, the DVD playback kit, and various games.
I can't honestly say that a lead between my controller and the console has ever proved restrictive in my gaming pleasure.
The receiver plugs into the controller socket and must match the channel number you're using.
Because the controller is on-chip, the entire device looks like a conventional memory chip to the rest of the system.
The controller additionally provides a charging system for the batteries, and a DC-to-DC converter to recharge the 12-volt accessory battery.
A large lump of floating bread flake fished in conjunction with a controller float was the successful method.
Apart from a quality controller, there is also a food technologist to ensure that the flavour and taste is consistent.
A bus interface enabling communication over a bus between the memory core of the display controller and the microprocessor is included.
In a multicore design, it also lets all the cores share the memory controller which adds another incremental benefit.
The bells and whistles had gone off from my emergency squawk, and the approach controller tracked my flight path.
By lunch-time I could hardly walk and by evening picking up the TV controller made even being a couch potato a painful exercise.
The controller reads the setting of the accelerator pedal from the potentiometers and regulates the power accordingly.
Install potentiometers, hook them to the accelerator pedal and connect to the controller.
This week I took up the cudgels of credit controller for my small business. 
Some CNS systems are designed to be future-proof by using commodity-based server technology for their controller nodes.
Even with the gamepad controller, the gameplay was still more difficult than it should be due to camera issues.
I already have a gaming machine with better graphics, a better controller and more flexibility and it didn't cost much either.
The path navigator is a robot, which moves along a predefined path and gives a signal to the controller once it finds an obstacle.
And full-scale DDoS attacks can originate from botnets of machines around the world, making the controller almost impossible to locate.
The fix might be as simple as installing a controller to cut costs, increase prices, and hound deadbeat customers.
Can your controller and receiver survive being dunked in a typical construction-site puddle?
In the AC controller, for each phase you need one set of transistors to pulse the voltage and another set to reverse the polarity.
Trust me, you haven't lived until you pwned someone in Titanfall with only your skill, a tablet and this controller attached to a headset.
Genevieve switches on her two-way radio and, like an air-traffic controller, tells ground control who to send up, who's coming down.
The discovery of the pituitary gland as the controller of the body's hormonal balance was an important milestone in endocrinology.
Each of the frigate's flights consists of two pilots, an observer and an aircrewman, plus nine engineers and an aircraft controller.
For instance, a mark engine module controller may export exactly two functions, namely printing a simplex or duplex sheet.
The driveline passes through the skin and attaches to the power base unit, which consists of a system controller and batteries.
For controller, it will be longtime Valley councilman Dennis Zine or political neophyte Ron Galperin.
