So filmmakers usually resort to a plot device to compensate for this absence.
Paul has consistently used Benghazi as a device to stake out high ground on foreign policy.
As with any new device, fears came up about privacy, security, the fear of looking like a dork, and piracy.
The device sets an attainable but challenging goal for you, then once you hit your mark creates a new goal.
Grandin explained how the device actually brings her two roles as autism advocate and animal-science expert together.
A seismograph is a device that measures and records the intensity of earthquakes.
As the name suggests, a yarn winder is a device used to wind balls of yarn.
Once a month he attaches a device to his chest, clamps metal bracelets on his wrists, and hooks the whole thing up to a telephone.
They double down on the plot device of a lone visionary opposed by conventional hierarchies.
Rumor once had it that Larry Poons used a catapultlike device to hurl paint onto upright canvases.
In the present study, we used a device to physically separate infected and uninfected nymphs to prevent cleptohematophagy.
A binary frame template is a device for creating binary matroids from graphic or cographic matroids.
The favourite device of one of the Indian desert foxes here is of a donnybrookian flavour.
The device that is to echo the characters should be optioned for echoplexing.
Finally, some e-content must first be downloaded to a computer before being transferred to a tablet or other mobile device for viewing.
An outline of the same device might be traced on his shield, though many a blow had almost effaced the painting.
Fondleslab A touchscreen device, particularly a tablet computer, to which its owner appears unnaturally attached.
I wonder how many people will get taken in by their addition of a fancy-looking front panel to a crummy device.
The device takes the form of a guard for the punch presses which are used in grommeting mail bags in the process of manufacture.
The device itself can dissipate a peak power of 78 W when properly heatsinked and has a 65 W steady dissipation.
This device is also used under Standing Order 89 by the committee chairman, to restrict debate in committee.
Note. After the device downloads its new configuration file, we can test placing a call on hold and the generic hold music will be heard.
A crown was not part of the arms but use of a crowned harp was apparently common as a badge or as a device.
The difference between the arms and device of Ireland appears to be on the crown only, which is added to the harp when used as a device.
A certain percentage of the mines are equipped with an antihandling device to hinder manual breaching.
Because an antisiphon device has no role to play in these guns, they do not inspire modification, though their cylinders too can cause accidents.
A boring subtext, about the wisdom or otherwise of actually uttering Voldemort's name, meanwhile robs the apotropaic device of its force.
An at-grade intersection may require a traffic-control device such as a stop sign, traffic light or railway signal to manage conflicting traffic.
The Tudor rose dimidiated with the Scottish thistle, James used this device as a royal heraldic badge.
Autolearning is already incorporated into the analyzer, in a sense, since the device produces the database it needs entirely on its own.
Just need to project against users from deleting NK.BIN and bricking the device.
Andre pulled the bung from the top of a barrel, applied a glass tube with a suction device, and withdrew a pale, almost greenish liquid.
A wind turbine is a device that converts the wind's kinetic energy into electrical energy.
An effective wave power device captures as much as possible of the wave energy flux.
As a result, the waves will be of lower height in the region behind the wave power device.
This device floats on the surface of the water, held in place by cables connected to the seabed.
With an air chamber integrated into the device, swells compress air in the chambers forcing air through an air turbine to create electricity.
The wooden device also has north marked and had 32 arrow heads around the edge that may be the points of a compass.
The device was tested successfully, as a sun compass, during a 1984 reenactment when a longship sailed across the North Atlantic.
Patapsco and Patuxent tested the protective device by sweeping 39 mines in March.
They typically will not have a track record which indicates the type and extent of interactions between the device and the receiving environment.
This is essential for any device bound for operations offshore, where extreme conditions and fouling, etc.
He obtained a patent for his detection device in April 1904 and later a patent for a related amendment for estimating the distance to the ship.
The first commercial device fitted to aircraft was a 1938 Bell Lab unit on some United Air Lines aircraft.
A sequence of target returns can be monitored through a device known as a plot extractor.
Many GPS receivers can relay position data to a PC or other device using the NMEA 0183 protocol.
Others, such as mechanically powered flashlights, have the generator integrated within the device itself.
The possessors of orchids may be able to reproduce the process with a pencil, small paintbrush, or other similar device.
A trampoline is a device consisting of a piece of taut, strong fabric stretched over a steel frame using many coiled springs.
The early milker device fit on top of a regular milk pail and sat on the floor under the cow.
The milker device and collection tank hung underneath the cow from the strap.
This device utilizes a number of specially designed stainless steel plates with small spaces between them.
As a floral device to reduce selfing, the pistil of wild tomatoes extends farther out of the flower than today's cultivars.
The drum was a circular device that was set to the side of the boat and would draw in the nets.
A simple machine is a mechanical device that changes the direction or magnitude of a force.
To these workers these types of tools were revolutionary because they were one tool or one device that could do several different things.
A fish hook or fishhook is a device for catching fish either by impaling them in the mouth or, more rarely, by snagging the body of the fish.
Fish hooks are normally attached to some form of line or lure device which connects the caught fish to the fisherman.
The fish hook or similar device has been made by man for many thousands of years.
It is framed in terms of an idealized device called a Carnot engine, imagined to define a continuous cycle of states of its working body.
Reponsivity of the single nanowire device in photoconducting mode was found to be enhanced by five orders, at 470 nm.
According to Lawrence Stone, narrative has traditionally been the main rhetorical device used by historians.
However, the most common type of public and palace timekeeping device was the inflow clepsydra.
This device was one of two that gave the Byzantines some hope of extending the siege until the possible arrival of foreign help.
Often, the device is a discrete component which outputs either a digital or analog signal proportional to its orientation.
The sensor uses highly calibrated internal electronics to measure the response of the device to the Earth's magnetic field.
Like any magnetic device, compasses are affected by nearby ferrous materials, as well as by strong local electromagnetic forces.
For the CD66b isolation protocol here, there will be approximately 250K to 400K cells in the device ready for postcapture processing.
A radio direction finder or RDF is a device for finding the direction to a radio source.
The device was also used from very early on in urban contexts as a cloth press for printing patterns.
In Finnish, it is mostly a literary device, as it has virtually disappeared from daily spoken language in most dialects.
This is a common rhetorical device used to create an implication of significance where one may not actually be present.
A MAC address can be considered a pure name, as it gives no indication of where on a network the device can be found.
Birth control, also known as contraception and fertility control, is a method or device used to prevent pregnancy.
Another is an intravas device which involves putting a urethane plug into the vas deferens to block it.
These may be of fixed duration, such as a year, or may be used as a parliamentary procedural device.
Rangeability basically assesses the ability of a given measurement device to be applied to a variety of applications.
The filibuster is a powerful legislative device in the United States Senate.
Several editors used the device of veiling parliamentary debates as debates of fictitious societies or bodies.
Perhaps the first example of a human made device designed to manage power is the hand axe, made by chipping flint to form a wedge.
A spinning wheel is a device for spinning thread or yarn from natural or synthetic fibres.
The device reduced the amount of work needed to produce cloth, with a worker able to work eight or more spools at once.
Resentment at this scheme, the mechanical simplicity of the device and the primitive state of patent law, made infringement inevitable.
Brake refers to the device which was used to load an engine and hold it at a desired rotational speed.
Despite their technical complexity, neither device was revolutionary by the standards of the time. 
The workpiece is mounted on centers and rotated by a device known as a drive dog or center driver.
For use in thermal power plants, coal is ground into dust using a device called a powdered coal mill.
It incorporates the same simple re-fusing device as is used in the standard Ediswan Clix BS 1363 Fused Plug, and the adaptor outlet is shuttered.
The voltage regulator stopped working and the resulting overload destroyed the device.
He paid particular attention to the power loom, a device for which there was yet no equal in America.
Cloth is usually woven on a loom, a device that holds the warp threads in place while filling threads are woven through them.
Though Harvard Professor Masayuki Sato translates Fa as law, he explains the concept as more like an objective measuring device.
He considered it the most important device for upholding the power of the state.
More than that it was a Stalinist device to awe and reward the populace, and give them an appreciation of Soviet realist art.
Built from a car ignition trembler coil set, Gallagher used the device to keep his horse from scratching itself against his car.
The principle of any such device should be to pull on the vessel by a rope of water passing in at the bow and out at the stern.
Steadicam, a revolutionary camera stabilizing device, was not shown, but CP did screen a sample film shot with a Steadicam.
In the first field tests, a series of holes 2 inches in diameter and 12 feet deep were sunk with the rock-melting device, or subterrene.
Using a large, syringelike device, a known volume of air is moved into and out of the spirometer in order to provide a test signal.
The judge should grasp the butter trier firmly in hand and insert the sampling device as near as possible to the center of the butter sample.
