The main gateway to St Jude's Shrine becomes visible a mile or so out of Omeath on the main road to Carlingford in Ireland's County Louth.
In the longer term, Clane would be the gateway town for north-west Kildare, providing shopping facilities for people in that part of the county.
The city serves as the gateway to all of New England, from leaf peeping to hiking to skiing.
It's de rigueur in high school health classes for marijuana to be presented as the gateway drug.
At first it seems like any other grey, anonymous street but the further down you go, the more it feels like a gateway to another world.
A gateway has an Internet connection on one side, and some sort of LAN connection on the other.
Furthermore, those who used all three of these gateway drugs were much more likely to use cocaine than those who used only one gateway drug.
Extending out from the pavilion is a large loggia, which in time will be colonized by deciduous local vines, forming a green gateway.
Some of these are in immigrant gateway states, with growing numbers of Hispanics and Asians.
As to the gateway drug claims, heroin addicts have the type of personality that makes them heroin addicts.
To the tars of Victoria's navy, especially those returning from the farthest flung corners of the empire, the Azores were the gateway to home.
The life list is the beginning of the mania, but much like a gateway drug, it can lead to more extreme enumerating activity.
The Mexican authorities were shocked at the liberalisation of the drug in Britain, he said, as marijuana was a gateway drug to cocaine.
The design of a gateway that can interconnect teletex and OSI networks is shown.
What is life to someone who wishes that death was a gateway to paradise and that life is just a journey of hardships?
Timm attempted to block the gateway with his bakkie as the police car transporting the accused tried to leave through the court gate.
The twin counterpoint battles of Imphal and Kohima at Burma's gateway to India comprised long marches through dense jungles by both sides.
The gateway course also provides a route in to higher education for those seeking a change in direction in terms of their career path.
I found partnership dancing to be a good gateway to dance, since it's a highly structured and logical system that results in great dancing.
However, Bulgaria, which is regarded as a gateway to countries in the Baltic region, has invited Thais to invest more in the country.
