We've got a GPS for tracking, and a black box with a pinger so we can find the rocket no matter where it lands.
To move human cargo across this border, smugglers now use cell phones, walkie-talkies, even GPS devices.
The accelerometer is used to measure shocks and vibration caused by road roughness while the GPS unit records the truck position.
One is that weapons will be very accurate, because of the guidance provided by GPS, laser-designation, and inertial systems.
As a bonus, the ship provided GPS waypoints where they would be upon our return.
Another downside to this situation is that data, including GPS waypoints, will be lost when the plotters are updated.
It provides a user-friendly computer with an internal GPS and moving-map capability that indicates an aircraft's position and waypoints.
The robot warriors use GPS, radar, laser radar and a host of other technologies to move without human aid.
By buying an additional receiver, anyone could pick up a radio frequency with a GPS position corrected to within several meters of accuracy.
The trails were mainly mapped while traveling, using the track function of a portable GPS unit.
This reads GPS from your serial port and makes it available on a network port.
These paintings, like the GPS longitude, latitude, and time read-outs, simply mark the artist's presence.
As the boat reaches the GPS coordinates for Table Top, a rise in the ocean floor southwest of Tatoosh Island, Anderson kills the motor.
When airborne, do pilots fly directly to their destination airport using GPS or do they still fly specific airways?
These can be easily worked out from the GPS receiver's frequency plan, taking into account all the images and aliases possible.
This new, all-in-one navigation device for the outdoor enthusiast is the first combination GPS, altimeter and electronic compass.
My question is, how can the IGC compare GPS triangulation based on a Geodetic plane to an assumed lapse rate?
He argued that the rangers had relied on pacing and GPS rather than a high-tech laser gun, which is to be used on Windermere to catch speeders.
New equipment including GPS and an electronic navigation chart system was put to work and the anchor and cable were nominally relocated.
Recovery of the buoy to which it was attached required several minutes of searching at its GPS deployment position to locate it.
Show More Sentences
Examples from Classical Literature
Everyone who twins their toilets is awarded a Toilet Twinning certificate, with a photograph of the twin latrine and its GPS coordinates.
Its internal GPS keeps the boat within 5 feet of the waypoint, and manages to do it all day long, even in roily seas.
The faceplate stickers will allow kids to customize the look of their GPS Personal Locator.
The portable GPS Personal Locators are especially useful in locating children and elderly seniors who might get lost.
The contract will be carried out through its largest division, Steatite, which will supply monitoring hardware for GPS tagging of criminals to the Ministry of Justice.
Initially delivering the payments processing for the STA ISIC Cashcard, GPS are actively supporting the development of further Tuxedo programmes across a variety of sectors.
It also launched Oceanus brand of high-end full-metal GPS Hybrid Wave Ceptor timepieces for the first time to their loyal customers in the region.
The other, SiRFDRive, optimizes positioning solutions for automobiles by intelligently combining measurements from GPS and dead reckoning sensors such as odometers.
