I don't know, the real trendies and creatives and coders who get to work on fixies aren't doing the iPhone any more surely?
With this mini printer, you can print your favorite shots straight from your iPhone.
There will be an issue of the New York Times and magazines, an iPhone and Kindle, metro cards and subway maintenance signs.
Perl asks her bandmate Dalia as she looks it up on her iPhone.
With Messages already available as part of iOS 5, conversations are synchronized across your Mac, iPhone, iPod touch and iPad.
As much puzzle game as RPG, this one is probably more suited to iPhone than an iPad because it's so very quick and snackable.
The factory produces flash memory chips like those used in the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.
In my humble opinion this phone is an iPhone beater, I sold my 3G to get it, and so far I am mightily impressed with it.
I became so addicted to BBM I actually had to switch to an iPhone to end the madness.
A few loud, butthurt bloggers do not constitute the entirety of the iPhone developer base.
An app on my iPhone allowed me to track him, as well as send me a message if he has exceeded the geo-fence the app creates. 
The unlocked iPhone means you don't have to make a wireless contract commitment.
It's got lots of tips, tricks, and will even teach you how to jailbreak and SIM unlock your iPhone.
They've already made it clear that you jailbreak an iPhone at your own risk, voiding your warranty at a minimum.
With this second coming of iPhone, a name change makes sure it get's even more attention around the Interweb.
BlackBerry StormThe iPhone, remarkably, outsold Research in Motion last quarter.
There was even an iPhone app, Bachmann-Eyezed, which facilitates the Photoshop trick for any personal photo.
The phablet bet is as much about piggybacking on a new market as innovating on the iPhone.
Can we return the souped-up bugaboo strollers and turn off the shiny iPhone rattles in favor of simpler tools for raising a child?
Hop in bed with your iPad or iPhone and turn the brightness all the way up.
Show More Sentences
Examples from Classical Literature
The Yellow Jacket external battery will even charge the iPhone to one full battery charge.
Online sources reported that an iPhone app Tactical NAV may have been used during the mission to locate and hunt down Osama Bin Laden.
The Dh13,700 Givori Phantom Black Platinum enwraps the iPhone 6 with black platinum, one of the rarest precious metals in the world.
There are four primary reasons why the iPhone is a strong catalyst for mobile banking development, Hesse and his Forrester colleagues argued.
Scott Stephenson, 19, took the iPhone as his friend Dale Walker, 25, watched.
The new Button Smasher is available now on iTunes for the iPhone and iPod Touch.
A SIMPLE classic game has slithered to the top of the chart for free apps for the iPhone this week.
Steve Jobs, another game-changer not well known for tactfulness, developed this thing called an iPhone.
Through my iPhone video screen, as the class stood shiftily, mumbling the words, I saw that one child alone had morphed into Bonnie Langford.
Lam was able to do this because he secured a supply of white iPhone parts from Foxconn, Apple's supplier and manufacturer in China.
As well as porting from its current collection of iPhone titles Artificial Life is developing more than 30 new titles especially for Android.
Download the 'Gym Training' iPhone App to follow professionally written gym workouts and exercise tuition.
If you have an iPhone 5 or earlier model, you will diffidently want to consider upgrading.
The iPhone 5 was undamaged on the front and rear, but suffered minor scratches on the sides.
Available for free in the iTunes App Store, Telecom Tycoon works on all iPhone and iPod touch devices.
This is connected to a digital combination lock featured on the iPhone screen.
Anna Mullin, 14, had been filming her two rabbits, Daisy and Dozy, on her iPhone in her garden in Wavertree when she realised something wasn't quite right.
Meanwhile a team of Swiss designers have developed a rocking chair that can transform energy from its rocking motion to charge an iPad or iPhone, according to the paper.
Under the support of wide range of iPhone, iPad and iPod touch lovers and faddists, the sales of Leawo iOS Data recovery have been increased steadily.
The company said that the Corona SDK adds cross-platform capabilities to the previous version of the Corona toolkit, which could only be used for development for the iPhone.
A slow motion camera feature similar to iPhone 5's Slo-Mo is also one of the other expected features, as the clip has embedded a slow motion footage.
We jumped up and semi-bowed, He smiled beatifically, reached for the socket behind me and removed an iPhone put to charge, which he slipped in his scarlet robes.
Siri Eyes-Free allows drivers to activate Siri with a long press of the voice recognition button on the steering wheel, similar activating Siri on an iPhone.
