In the video I will walk you through the steps of setting up a light meter and calibrating it to your camcorder.
When scouting locations prior to production, a light meter allows you to determine the amount of light available at any given time.
A hand-held light meter would calculate the same exposure for any object under the same incident lighting.
Most modern cameras have an in-camera light meter which will give an ideal exposure when the meter reads zero.
This article explores the possibility of using a low cost photographic light meter for photometric purposes.
The phrases evoke both the portentousness of a movie script and the gnomic meter of haiku.
It is important to check the meter number to ensure the new supplier is billing you for the correct meter.
So we were going out to the really deep 60 to 90 meter line to see if the fish were shoaling up in the deeper water.
The gas meter on the Jeep told him he had less than an eighth of a tank left but he was only about five minutes from home.
When the time came to retrieve the plates, we had to traverse slopes that had more than a meter of new snow.
Mr Cochrane has bought his own sound meter and claims to have recorded levels of 105 decibels inside his house.
Fifteen sets of nested plots were located at about 15 meter intervals along line transects perpendicular to the slope within the study areas.
So far, the fuel cell can produce up to 150 milliwatts of electricity per square meter of electrode surface.
They can request everything from a copy bill to a new connection, as well as notify us of a move to new premises or give us their meter reading.
Cross sections collected at the root collar and at every meter were analyzed using standard dendrochronological techniques.
Also at Berlin, Chad Carvin set American records in the 400 and 1500 meter freestyle, breaking Jeff Kostoff's 1988 mark in the metric mile.
Tennyson was an expert metricist, but in this poem he keeps things pretty simple, sticking with the standard meter of English, iambic pentameter.
Also difficult is the changing metric structure and the note patterns that do not jive with the meter of the moment.
Once students can associate the syllables, they would need additional practice recognizing the tonality or meter of familiar music.
Often the meter seems to fluctuate between triple and duple time, which transforms the rhythmic emphases of the loops.
In the key of A minor, this lively marching tune in triple meter uses only two fingers in the right hand and four in the left.
He often created large-scale pieces by bringing back the same blocks of material, and varied their meter to give more variety.
Promoted by the fascist Ezra Pound, this new poetry without meter or rhyme swept literary Europe and America in the period leading up to the war.
His first works are called the Eclogues, a collection of pastoral poetry done in the same meter as the Aeneid.
They range in size from a few centimeters to a meter or more in greatest dimension.
The excitement was almost palpable as Michael stepped on the blocks on Day One for his first race, the 200 meter individual medley.
So, as the women mounted the blocks for the start of the 50 meter free final, there was a certain amount of tension in the air.
The meter operating fee assigns the meter operating costs equitably to customers who have metered water service.
Error tolerance criteria were used to evaluate the accuracy of the glucose meter measurements.
They produce most of the energy at very low frequency, where a meter can only give a very approximate measurement.
A trifield meter measures the electromagnetic frequency in the space around it.
One of the simplest lung function tests uses a peak-flow meter to measure the rate at which you expel air.
Automated meter reading is no longer just a time-saving device to collect data for billing purposes.
We possess 6000 square meter factory with modern management and equipments, which is begird by beautiful surrounding.
David Small was the hero when he blasted a 20 meter free to the next with the final stroke of the game.
Current meter measurements suggested that tidal currents were strong enough to cause bedload transport of sediment and Mya.
Even then there was a further five weeks to wait for a new gas meter to arrive.
With this megohm meter all you need to do is connect both leads to your motor or device and press and hold the button and view the graph.
I immediately rang back and got a young man who asked for the gas meter reading.
I medaled in all six of my events, and I almost captured the gold in the 200 meter backstroke, missing by just 1-tenth of a second.
Freshman Deary should also be able to help with the distance events, having medaled at senior nationals in the 400 meter free.
If you keep your PC on the floor like I do, that adds to the difficulty of reading the meter.
The 73 year old victim let a man into her home who claimed he needed to read the gas meter but she did not ask for identification at this stage.
Air temperature was measured using shielded thermocouples placed 1 meter above the ground.
Woke up this morning and there was snow drifting a meter high out on the deck and in the garden, burying my optimistic seeds.
It marked the first time an American woman had set the 100 meter backstroke world record in nearly 34 years.
He inserted a probe into the flue pipe and said the meter went off the scale.
She says that the guy had come to read the gas meter earlier and the woman was not home.
Make a square about a meter wide in the center of the mat using chalk, tape or belts.
Astronomers measure the brightness of stars in units called magnitudes but this is not a unit like a meter or a kilogramme.
Any conscious thought process that may be required on the range to shoot well will hardly exist when your meter is pegged.
Each flat has its own gas meter from which separate pipework runs to the respective flat.
The meter shown in the galvanometers section has a twisted pointer although it is too small to see in the picture.
The solution was found when Mick noticed the cast iron water meter cover in the front garden.
They quickly got up, and ran toward the front of the twenty meter long craft.
The shuttle telescope was to have an aperture of nearly one meter and would be cryogenically cooled.
Most current agricultural sprayers use hydraulic nozzles to meter and atomize the liquid into drops.
Nanotechnology is the study and manipulation of materials on atomic and molecular scales measured in billionths of a meter.
Once you have adjusted the film speed to the number of exposures that you want to use, then all you have to do is just meter and shoot the scene.
Since they were studying poetry at the moment, they had an in-class assignment to write an original poem in any style or meter.
This clanking robotic automaton is about a meter tall and capable of putting the frighteners on any household pet.
I follow what Eliot says in his essay on free verse, that there has to be the ghost of meter behind the tapestry.
A few months later he won his first national title in the 400 meter free, and he hasn't looked back since.
Just as free verse did away with meter and rhyme, the prose poem does away with the line as the unit of composition.
On that date we were not at home and did not know of anyone coming to read the meter.
In June, he called to read the meter at the girl's Basildon home while her mother was getting her ready for play school.
His lyrical talents are no less impressive than his mood swings, showing variation in meter, tempo and vocal tone.
This tutorial is intended to explain what an incident light meter is and why you would want to use one.
You can measure illuminance using a light meter located on the work surface where tasks are performed.
In O'Floinn's translations he attempts to maintain the meter insofar as the number of syllables and the primary rhymes are concerned.
The rest of the rhymes are embedded in the middle of lines whose meter becomes erratic.
Some people say it is completely reactionary because it is in rhyme and meter and that it's got this antiquated stanzaic form etcetera.
Along this seam were occasional pockets from 0.1 to 0.5 meter across, lined with calcite rhombohedra.
How on earth do the supply companies know how much gas or electricity we've used if they haven't actually read the meter?
Do you find yourself forgiving an employee who uses the office postage meter to mail personal letters?
This dinosaur grew to about four meters long and a little over a meter tall, walking on all four legs.
Where his dexterous playing and effortless meter manipulation often buoyed the band's corybantic compositions, here, he's sadly mollified.
Every digital camera has a basic lens, sometimes a zoom lens, built-in flash, automatic focus, automatic exposure meter, and LCD viewfinder.
Dragging myself out of bed to answer it, I discovered it was the gas man, wanting to read the meter.
Each character has an energy meter that depletes and replenishes as time goes by, so you need to pick your spots.
The meter itself is in perfect condition it was only the leather case that had gone a bit moth eaten.
In the film, plant operators rely on an erroneous reading from a malfunctioning meter to gauge the water level used to cool the nuclear core.
An NBA rep with a handheld decibel meter polices the sidelines during every game, enforcing a 90-decibel limit on in-game noise.
He said that he understood that people get nervous but he was only here to read the gas meter.
Apparently there is a 0.2 second lapse from hearing to response on the meter, which is normally used in psychotherapy.
The water-proofness of this case will only keep your lappy dry up to 1 meter in depth, so unfortunately no deep sea blogging.
Prayer borrows its first line and its meter from an Ambrosian liturgical hymn.
A chlorophyll meter or remote sensing information also can be used to help determine the need for nitrogen.
A meter will monitor the amount of water used from the existing water supply at the location.
A group of Lancastrians thought we were too tight to put a shilling in the meter!
One meter is equivalent to 1.09 yards and one inch is equivalent to 2.54 centimeters.
And as if all this wasn't enough, the meter on the auto read the same as everyday.
If you ask for, say, 300 baht worth, the meter will certainly show that amount as you hand over the cash.
They cover terms that provide the beginnings of a viable working vocabulary for describing meter.
Did he now sense that her emotion meter was nearing the red zone and a little sleep would do her some good?
Three days later she was found dead at her home by a visiting electricity meter reader.
A meter is about three feet and three inches and a kilometer equals about six tenths of a mile.
A liter is a cube one-tenth of a meter across, and a kilogram is the weight of one liter of water.
Seed disks on pneumatic planters wear with use and mold themselves to the particular meter they are employed on.
Fig. 11 indicated that the clip gauge transducer produced a linear relationship between the diameter change and the strain meter readings.
You are told to beware of persons coming to your house under the pretext of selling or repairing things, conducting meter readings, etc.
Luksa eventually became a mess supervisor and later successfully applied for the job of meter reader in Adelaide.
The chlorophyll content was measured with an instrument called a SPAD meter which is sensitive to slight chlorophyll differences.
We ran a pink noise test and took a pressure level measurement using a CEL 254 pressure level meter positioned at head-level.
The transcutaneous jaundice meter is affected by factors such as gestational age, birth weight, and skin pigmentation.
That innate complementariness is an absolute necessity in painting, just as free meter in poetry or polyphony in music.
So, until then, tune up your amplitude and frequency compandors, and explore that 2 meter band.
Alliterative meter also seems to predominate in the very earliest texts from the third western branch of Indo-European, Italic.
But the idea of a teenage mother who cannot wash her child in warm water because she hasn't got the money to feed the meter really got to me.
Pallissaro fed a few more coins into the ravenous meter until it showed a fourteen pounds credit.
A meter is the basic unit of length but shorter and longer units are obtained by multiplication by factors of ten. 
At peak abundance, cockchafers reached densities of more than 50 individuals per meter of twig on some fruit trees and on shrubs.
And there are shield and cloak power-ups to help Konoko along, as well as medical hypos which help to keep her health meter up.
The hunting party had only been walking for a few hundred meters when he stopped at the edge of a clear-cut swath about five hundred meter wide.
To determine the relative humidity, you will need a relative humidity sensor, also known as a moisture meter or hygrometer.
Put money in a parking meter by a stranger's car, when you see that the time is running out.
It's like giving a driver a parking ticket for filling up the parking meter in an exuberant manner!
Just about every camera in the world these days has a battery, even if it is just to drive the needle on the light meter.
I meekly stuffed the meter with pound coins to the maximum permitted amount and we commenced shifting boxes and bags.
If I had tried to keep up the hendecasyllable meter I probably would have gone insane.
