The Xpedio Content Publisher enables users to publish content to WML standards that are specific to mobile phone microbrowsers.
Results from Vodafone's mobile phone recycling scheme show that Sligo and Cork are tops when it comes to mobile phone recycling.
Tethering is a feature that lets your mobile phone share its wireless data connection with your computer.
He has not been heard from since and has not returned any calls or texts to his mobile phone, she said.
There's a URL encoded in the QR code that a new mobile phone application first decodes then launches the browser in your mobile to find.
Any mobile phone can receive texts and it keeps you in close touch with your money.
I'd just switched off the tape recorder and switched on the mobile phone when a text popped up to say that the deal had finally been done.
In recent weeks we have reported on scams perpetrated by post, fax and mobile phone text message.
The answers were then looked up and sent by mobile phone text message to students in the test hall.
Each inquiry will cost the same as a regular text message depending on the mobile phone operator.
And today we make it easier than ever to join the cause by allowing you to add your name by mobile phone text message.
Many mobile phone networks now provide free text messaging or services for as little as 10p a message.
For the first time in the UK voting can be done by the Internet and mobile phone text messaging, as well as by traditional ballot papers.
They also showed that on-board systems ignored the Bluetooth traffic generated by an infected mobile phone.
Moves are afoot to include some mobile phone textspeak in the official dictionary of the game beloved by generations.
He had pulled up outside to take a call on his mobile phone, and seen the smoke and flames in the thatch.
There was a pool table, a small bank of computers and a corpulent Italian speaking loudly into a mobile phone.
Previously, radar needed massive fixed equipment to work and transmissions from mobile phone masts were thought too weak to be useful.
The argument that third generation mobile phone technology is non-essential and, therefore, fair game for the Nimby brigade, is flawed.
Yefu took only a few necessary things with him, including a cup, a mobile phone, and bedding.
The phone user can then transfer a ticket using NFC to a friend's mobile phone.
Motorola has designed quite a lot of useful accessories around its T720i mobile phone.
The accursed mobile phone has done what I often wished it would, and disappeared.
Nokia did receive better news with the continued turnaround in its mobile phone division.
It seems mobile phone is the medium of choice for communication for modern Japanese.
Furious residents are battling for the second time to stop huge mobile phone masts going up in Corsham town centre.
This stylish mobile phone has room for up to 3,000 of your favourite tracks along with a 2 megapixel digital camera.
Do that, and we may start flicking through the address book on your mobile phone.
Friday night came and in the absence of a digital watch I synchronised my mobile phone clock.
Disposing of the tub in the kitchen tidy, she searched the lounge room for her mobile phone and wallet.
Common sense dictates that it is dangerous to use a mobile phone while driving.
Residents fighting proposals to build mobile phone masts on a former water tower have won crucial backing.
Make sure you have enough warm clothing, that your mobile phone is fully charged, and take a vacuum flask with a hot drink.
And that's without mentioning the wide skies, the winding roads and a blissful lack of mobile phone reception.
Teenagers I've spoken to have compared it to a parent checking through the messages on their mobile phone without asking.
She was in the kitchen when I arrived, simultaneously rabbiting into a mobile phone while watching a soap opera on television.
The volume of mobile phone traffic has increased and what operators are demanding is that there are no blind spots.
The only count on which he was found not guilty was of stealing a mobile phone and car radio from Mr Ducey.
On the train from Swansea to Carmarthen I sat next to a mobile phone addict.
These are transmitters that use radio waves to communicate with mobile phone handsets.
We have all raged at those dangerous idiots who insist on driving one-handed down the motorway at 80 mph while gabbling into a mobile phone.
He said five two-way radios, a pair of binoculars and an expensive waterproof mobile phone were stolen in the raid on their hut.
The legislation should have been introduced years ago before the advent of extensive mobile phone use.
A vicar has done a dramatic 11 th hour U-turn over controversial plans to set up a mobile phone mast on top of a church tower.
About 60 per cent of Europe's population already lives within range of a mobile phone transmitter.
She had just checked her coat in and met her friends in the bar when her mobile phone rang.
He was about to dictate into his recorder about the progress of his work when his mobile phone rang.
The intimacy of the mobile phone creates a similarly fragmented network of communication and desire.
I've had a mobile phone for ten years. Not the same phone, obviously. My first one was a brick.
That mobile phone companies should find themselves weakened just as the sector was about take off makes many afraid for its future stability.
It's actually a good thing because it means people cannot reach me in the evenings when all they have is a mobile phone number.
The study compares the reaction times of drivers who are talking on a mobile phone.
A gun was held to a teenage girl's neck by a mugger who robbed her of her mobile phone.
But the objectors believe that the mobile phone company is to appeal against the decision.
A mobile phone or PDA with a bar-code reader would simply scan the object's code to download any relevant information.
Some mobile service agents will also provide you with a replacement mobile phone while yours is being repaired.
The reality of motherhood is trainers, a fleece, a worry list and a mobile phone.
I reckon since I arrived and purchased my mobile phone I have keyed in and later deleted at least 25 numbers.
I'm morbidly compelled by stuff filmed on a mobile phone such as the tsunami.
Apple takes you back to when a mobile phone was a brick, not the neat little gadgets they are now.
