I was somewhat adept at art, so with my pencils and notebook in my backpack, I drew a picture of Arthur with Excalibur, and his new horse.
He looked down to see his notebook on his desk, with a small dribble of his drool on the page.
In the notebook were pretty drawings, simple little doodles of simple little joys.
He made a face at her before settling in his seat and happened to glance at her notebook, half a page of which was full of doodles and sketches.
In each piece, he combines and stacks images much as one would do when doodling in the margins of notebook.
I will be leaving on vacation in two days and will not be able to do much else except put down ideas in my traveling notebook.
He carries a tote bag containing his playbook and a spiral notebook and takes a seat in the second row.
For a writer, toting a notebook and pen legitimizes virtually any activity carried out in a bar, restaurant or cemetery.
I glanced downward and recorded her admonishment in my notebook, serving the dual purpose of memorializing the brief chat and ending it.
I'm sat in one of those chairs with a little side table to rest your notebook on, arranged in a semicircle in a darkened room.
Also you could cover a three-ring binder with it and turn it into a writing notebook.
I instantly got out a sheet of notebook paper from my binder, which I hadn't used since I had gotten home from France.
She has a notebook filled with names and numbers, many she has never given a thought to.
So when a little boy mauled his science notebook, scrawled a message on one of the pages, and rushed into the shot, he was severely reprimanded.
Settle into a comfy chair, get out your notebook, and put on your thinking cap.
When we got back he'd managed to scribble a few lines in his notebook with his dud hand.
Marcia scribbled furiously in her own notebook, apparently quite preoccupied with whatever part of her story she was writing.
Or get a spiral notebook and a ballpoint, plant yourself under a tree, and pen a few lines of prose.
I furiously scratched out what I had just written in the notebook, and replaced it with more than just a few malicious thoughts.
A similar volume is likely to be sold for use as backup storage for notebook and desktop computers.
Taped to the one just above my head was an arrow drawn on a sheet of notebook paper, pointing over my head to the backstage on stage right.
She picked the notebook up and flipped through it, finding various pictures of nature scenes and mythical beings and such.
I gathered my things, brought them out, put them in my notebook, and put it in the filing cabinet.
Analysis of the ink in a lab notebook, for example, might turn up backdated entries or other mischief.
I don the headset, close my notebook, turn off the overhead light and lean back to enjoy the movie.
He grinned and flipped open his notebook, obviously savouring the moment before he dropped the bombshell of what kind of trouble I was in.
With tape recorder and notebook, she sits with them and records their language.
When we were first married, I would tape them to the fridge door on scraps torn out of a spiral bound notebook.
I started using the good old notebook recently and all I have got is a list of random ideas that need sorting.
The notebook computer was stolen from a luggage rack on a train in Paddington Station.
It is astonishing to see the notebook that Darwin had in his pocket as he walked around the Galapagos.
A woman in her sixties recited a poem from her loose-leaf notebook, neatly covered in plastic.
For two weeks he churned out almost 300 pages of paper, which he compiled into a blue loose-leaf notebook and tabbed with multicolored dividers.
Jessica sat on the couch in her own room, looking through the book and making notes in her notebook.
Testing with a router and a notebook computer in the empty townhouse before we moved in, the signal looked good initially.
In his notebook Gradowski described his journey by train to the camp and the selection process on arrival.
Parties, functions, dinners and gatherings are most avoidable outings in his notebook.
I glumly consign a notebook packed full of rib-ticklers about bratwurst and square-headed men with no sense of humour to the bin.
The new pricing brought the cost of Intel's notebook chips closer in line with its desktop products.
I was doubly shamed, as mine contained little more than a notebook, a camera, a sleeping bag they had lent me, and some lint.
That means notebook computers could immediately retrieve any images captured at checkout counters or inside stores.
Williams sat at her desk, staring glumly at her open notebook, rereading the filled pages.
In contrast to the full page of notebook paper the words were written on, what was said was short.
Supplements at the end of the notebook include maps, as well as a number of helpful student worksheets that may be duplicated.
His eyes continually glanced from the girl sitting opposite him to a notebook that lay on his knees.
She smiled, a bit embarrassed, a bit proud, pretending to scribble something in her notebook.
It's a notebook computer with a detachable keyboard and voice and pen input.
David bent over his notebook, making a few aimless strokes with his much-used pencil.
In a practice common among schizophrenics, he keeps a notebook, writing in hieroglyphs that are only comprehensible to him.
My girlfriend also occasionally brings her notebook over to plug into my wired Ethernet router.
Not one notebook, pen, eraser, glue stick, scissors, or white-out remained.
The whiteboard works well for important long-term tasks, but for short-term daily readings a five-subject notebook works best.
He said he had compiled his notebook and recorded the admission that the appellant had hit the postman at 7.45 pm that night.
Rani, she said, liked to quote William Shakespeare in her notebook, and wrote her own thoughts in it as well.
Heaps of other stuff happened with the other characters and there were witty quips but I left my notebook at home.
He was tearing paper out of his notebook, wadding it up into paper wads, and throwing them as hard as he could against the wall.
This design flexibility makes integration in notebook computers, handheld devices and PC cards easier than ever before.
He would pause the tape when this occurred, and then record what was said in his notebook.
I stared at the notebook that was opened to a clean white sheet of paper on my pillow.
The scene began, and I pantomimed that I was writing in my notebook and I became totally engrossed.
