Bring me your embedded RFID chips, show me your QR codes, hit me with your location-based web apps.
Instead of scanning every item individually, an RFID till would simply total up every item in your shopping trolley as it approached.
When a trucker whose RFID card grants him port access approaches the gate, the gate goes up, and the tire shredders stay down.
The RFID microreaders, RFID tags and EDTP readers are not available locally.
Today, over a million pets and farm animals worldwide have RFID tags in or on them, so Rover or Daisy can easily be tracked if they wander off.
The basic idea is that you carry a personalized device that jams the signals from all the RFID tags on your person until you authorize otherwise.
These chips act as transponders, always listening for a radio signal sent by transceivers, or RFID readers.
Clever people at the University of Rochester have flipped the typical use of RFID around and created a navigational aid for the visually impaired.
Unlike their bar code counterparts, tags embedded with RFID chips can still operate if torn or otherwise damaged.
The plugged-in device identifies itself as a Human Interface Device and inputs RFID tag data into any existing applications.
Most RFID tags contain an integrated circuit for storing and processing information, modulating and demodulating a signal.
It provides complete verification of the RFID data and overstrikes bad labels to alert users if the RFID data cannot be encoded.
DoD Components will immediately resource and implement the use of high data capacity active RFID in the DoD operational environment.
In the same year, the Telepass active transponder RFID system was introduced across Italy.
The Amtech RFID technology used on the Dallas North Tollway was originally developed at Sandia Labs for use in tagging and tracking livestock.
Virginia may become the first state to glue RFID tags into all its driver's licenses.
The passport's critical information is stored on a tiny RFID computer chip, much like information stored on smartcards.
Any RFID interrogator within 30 meters can read an RFID tag in active mode.
When goods are received at the Future Store, employees transport the pallets from the truck through an RFID gate at the backstore entrance.
This patent covers systems and methods for using RFID tags in biopharmaceutical environments where gamma radiation is used for sterilization.
Utilizing equipment from numerous RFID suppliers in Europe and North America, Checkpoint served as a hardware integrator for the trials.
The technical skills, industry experience, and clients of SJS will position us as a dominant player in the RFID implementation space today.
Recently, BSF has started taking RFID to a new level internally and is in the process of automating its receiving and shipping processes.
Stratum Global along with Intermec and other industry leaders have helped create an RFID program at Oakton Community College.
Truth is, some universities are already using RFID technology, although use is limited.
Paar's research interests cover fast software and hardware realizations of cryptography, RFID security, physical security, and cryptanalytical hardware.
Since RFID tags will eventually be placed on or in corrugated packaging, there are major implications for corrugated container manufacturers and their customers.
In 2003, Michelin began testing RFID transponders embedded into its tires.
Patents that generally relate to the lamination process for RFID cards that use an embedded chip to enable secure financial payments and access to secure locations.
Acsis is an EPCglobal member and early adopter of RFID technologies.
The design not only allows easy on-site maintenance but also reserves space for further expandability on Wi-Fi, MSR, IC card reader, fingerprint, and RFID module.
Our study used the information entropy to measure the uncertainty of the RFID data streams, and analyzed the features that could influence cleaning effect.
Rfid uses teeny computer chips, smaller than half-a-grain of sand, to track items at a distance.
