The Nismo smartwatch can also connect wirelessly to vehicles' on-board computers.
Other major PC manufacturers have also reportedly investigated the possibility of releasing a touchscreen smartwatch.
I'm hoping this technology takes off, and perhaps a ring is a better way to do it than a smartwatch for these kinds of applications.
The company told us that an invisible geofence could be built that would react differently when the smartwatch is within its boundaries.
It appears to be a patent for the concept of a smartwatch that includes a flip up display.
Customers will be able to try on devices in store, but will be directed to kiosks or the Apple website to order their smartwatch.
She gave few concrete details about the forthcoming gadgets, saying only that the smartwatch would run on Android and would not have a flexible display.
Machine-learning, cognitive ergonomics, smartwatch apps … but Evernote still has to make money.
How useful a smartwatch could be comes down to how obsessive over notifications you are and how many you get a day.
Beyond encouraging online orders, which start on 10 April for the Apple Watch shipping on 24 April, Apple's first smartwatch won't be available directly from an Apple store in the UK, according to reports.
The premium iPhone-only smartwatch has more capabilities than most with a heart rate sensor and the ability to tap you on the wrist rather than simply shaking.
Apple's first smartwatch has a passcode feature that can lock the wearable device when it is removed from the wrist, which is meant to prevent it from being used without permission.
With the minute and hour hand display it seems more like a watch than a smartwatch that Samsung has brought out.
The Time has the longest battery life of any smartwatch currently available, easily lasting for five days per charge, while it is the only smartwatch here that can be used with both an iPhone and Android smartphones.
While fitness trackers led the way, 2015 is the year of the smartwatch.
Samsung pioneered both the phablet and the smartwatch and presented a new version of the latter, the Galaxy Gear S, on Wednesday.
New technology related entries include acquihire, clickbait, Deep Web, dox, fast follower, geocache, in silico, octocopter, responsive, smartwatch and tech-savvy.
Also available with the SmartWatch is a metal adapter that once can use to affix the device to other standard watchbands.
