A tablet was turned up which revealed a bilingual inscription in Lydian and Aramaic.
A bioadhesive tablet containing the antifungal drug miconazole is an effective and convenient means of treating oropharyngeal candidiasis.
In her arms was a writing tablet and a pencil, looking like they were about to fly out of her hands at any moment.
Pulling his writing tablet from his harness pouch, Alan retrieved the pen he'd placed in the side of his war collar.
It consisted of a video of a little girl's hand clasping a pencil and writing on a tablet.
She is sitting at her window with her writing tablet, the full moon providing substantial light.
And speaking of notes, an anonymous hand-scrawled poem mysteriously appeared on a communal writing tablet in the bathroom that night.
I would like you to think about a drug, a tablet, which can prevent heart attacks.
Effective treatments include antihistamine medicines, in the form of tablet or liquid, inhalers, nasal spays and also eye drops.
Taking just one ecstasy tablet could cause long-lasting brain damage leading to depression, scientists have warned.
A planimeter or digitizing tablet is used to calculate the PU surface area.
Even a quarter of an aspirin tablet, taken in regular doses, can be enough to prevent attacks.
If you are taking the extended-release tablet form of this medicine, swallow the tablets whole.
A votive tablet found in Plovdiv and now housed at the National Archaeological Museum in Sofia depicts one such occurrence.
It was just the change from the drip medication to tablet form that caused a reaction.
The price, easy access to a huge library of media, weight, and ultra-fast browser make it very attractive to tablet users.
Although the origin of the word is unknown, an inkle is a coloured tape or braid similar to the braids produced in tablet weaving.
Windows will automatically recognize the new pointing device, but will detect it as a mouse and not a graphic tablet.
But within the Labour tribe, it is akin to smashing a sacred tablet of stone.
Usually on the back side of the tablet, a third section contains a final total that adds up the previous subtotals.
For instance, an Attic red-figure krater with a sacrificial scene features a votive tablet on a column next to the altar.
Finally, I was forced to take a sleeping tablet in an attempt to stop myself from going completely insane.
Nicotine replacement is available as chewing gum, transdermal patch, nasal spray, inhaler, sublingual tablet, and lozenge.
Customers that pre-order an iPad can choose to have their tablet delivered, or reserved for pickup at their local Apple Retail Store.
Whether the Note 2 should be called a phone or a tablet is a moot point, but as yet, it's essentially the only phablet on the market.
An early prototype of the tablet was setup for sharing between family members where each person's customizations would be saved.
Phablets are especially well suited for emerging economies, since consumers in those markets don't want to buy both a tablet and smartphone.
A tablet vault can contain either eight or twelve inurnments, depending on which size is selected for construction.
As many non-medical members of the public are aware, nitroglycerin is normally administered by placing a tablet under the tongue of the patient.
In our tablet we use both fresh and condensed milk, and we also rely on condensed milk for making our toffees and candies.
The latest version of Microsoft's tablet PC software is capable of recognising even ill-formed characters written on the screen using the pen.
Buprenorphine was provided in tablet form, which was administered sublingually.
As I started using the pen, I realized that I am very unaccustomed to using a pen on a tablet away from the actual computer screen.
It is available as a caplet and chewable tablet and is given to dogs by mouth, or by injection administered by veterinarians.
If the second tablet is taken too close to bedtime, it may cause disturbed sleep.
Sensitivity analysis excluding those patients who received the placebo tablet did not change our conclusions.
The server software also records hand movements through wind changes directly above the tablet when the stylus is not touching it.
The tablet has been a design classic since its launch and pictures don't really capture its incredible thinness and lightness.
Of course, the variable widths only work in conjunction with a pressure-sensitive pen and digital tablet.
Users will input data using a pen like device writing on a pressure sensitive tablet.
