If at all possible I would urge a newcomer to pike fishing to ask an experienced angler if they could tag along for a session or two.
We numbered each nest and marked its position with a small plastic tag on the outer edge of the reed bed towards the open water.
I've been teaming with Jesse down there for a long time as a Mexican tag team, which requires me to wear a sombrero to the ring.
In those cases, any visible rank, name tag and the Air Force rondel on the aircraft are removed using photo software.
Meanwhile, the school's rugger players took part in a tag festival at Sparrows Den.
I suspect that the tag is ascribable to wishfulness on the part of the many journalists who live there.
They are perhaps the best tag team in the world and would get over with any wrestling fan.
Using the ink-soaked felt, tap it over the tag while the gold ink is still wet.
Caroline allowed the Guardian to tag along on one of her jobs a burglary in leafy Purley Oaks.
The drawings show the upper tag end 40 tied in another water knot for convenience of illustration.
He also teamed with him, and they were the runners-up as tag team of the year.
The Ci4000 Weather-Ometer is said to continuously read specimen surface temperatures with a pyrometer and assigns a measurement to the respective specimen via an RFID tag.
A RFID tag is a small device, like a sticker, which can be stuck on or incorporated into a product, animal or person.
Thanks to RFID, a worker can use a handheld device that reads an RFID tag on the light fixture and records that he performed maintenance on it.
The approval of the dangle-type RFID tag from Z-Tags will meet both purposes with one tag.
An RFID tag is an object that can be stuck on or incorporated into a product for the purpose of identification using radiowaves.
The reader extracts information from the RFID tag as the container whizzes by.
The CCIA administers the Canadian Livestock Tracking System, a database that assigns a unique ID number for every animal with an RFID tag.
Before administering a transfusion, the nurse uses a reader to identify the blood bag and the RFID tag worn by the patient on his or her wristband.
Any RFID interrogator within 30 meters can read an RFID tag in active mode.
The plugged-in device identifies itself as a Human Interface Device and inputs RFID tag data into any existing applications.
